Result Category: AUTO Insurance
Result found in File: AUTO_PERSONAL AUTO PP 00 01 06 98_final.txt

Paragraph 1
D.	"Bodily injury" means bodily harm, sickness or disease, including death that results. E.	"Business" includes trade, profession or occupa- tion. F.	"Family member" means a person related to you by blood, marriage or adoption who is a resident of your household. This includes a ward or foster child. G.	"Occupying" means in, upon, getting in, on, out or off. H.	"Property damage" means physical injury to, de- struction of or loss of use of tangible property. I. "Trailer" means a vehicle designed to be pulled by a:
1. Private passenger auto; or
2. Pickup or van. It also means a farm wagon or farm implement while towed by a vehicle listed in 1. or 2. above. J. "Your covered auto" means:
1. Any vehicle shown in the Declarations. 2. 



Result Category: AUTO Insurance
Result found in File: AUTO_PL-600003-87_final.txt

Paragraph 1
"We", "us" and "our" refer to the Company shown in the Declarations providing this in-
surance. 1. Any vehicle shown in the Declarations. C.	For purposes of this policy, a private passenger type auto shall be deemed to be owned by a
 
2. Any of the following types of vehicles on the date you become the owner:
 
person if leased:	a.   a private passenger auto; or
1. Under a written agreement to that person;	b. a pickup or van. and
This provision (J.2.) applies only if:
2. For a continuous period of at least 6	a. you acquire the vehicle during the months. policy period;
Other words and phrases are defined. They are in	b. you ask us to insure it within 30 days
quotation marks when used. after you become the owner; and
D.	"Bodily injury" means bodily harm, sickness or	c.	with respect to a pickup or van, no disease, including death that results. other insurance policy provides
 
E.	"Business" includes trade, profession or occupa- tion. coverage for that vehicle. If the vehicle you acquire replaces one shown in the Declarations, it will have the
 
F.	"Family member" means a person related to	same coverage as the vehicle it replaced. 



