Result Category: AUTO Insurance
Result found in File: AUTO_1215E.2_final.txt

Paragraph 19
An optional Indexation Benefit may be purchased, which provides that certain weekly benefit
 
payments and monetary limits will be adjusted on an annual basis to reflect changes in the cost of living. 4.3	How to Apply for Benefits

4.3.1	Applying for Benefits - Procedures and Time Limits

Anyone applying for Accident Benefits must tell us within 7 days of the accident or as soon after that as possible. We will send you or other insured persons an application for Accident Benefits. The person applying for the benefits must send us the completed application within 30 days of receiving it. You or other insured persons may still be entitled to benefits if these time limits are not met for good reason, but payment of the benefit may be delayed. We must pay the Income Replacement Benefit, Non-Earner Benefit, Caregiver Benefit and Housekeeping and Home Maintenance Benefit within 10 business days of receiving the complete application for those benefits. We must pay the Death Benefit, Funeral Benefit and Payment of Other Expenses within 30 days of receiving the complete application. We must pay the Attendant Care Benefit within 10 business days of receiving a completed Assessment of Attendant Care Needs form. If you or another insured person is claiming the Medical Benefit or Rehabilitation Benefit, your doctor or another member of a regulated health profession including a social worker must provide us with a treatment and assessment plan or other related forms. In some cases, we can ask you or other insured persons to go for an independent assessment to assess your needs. We may ask you or other insured persons to provide additional information in connection with the claim, such as a statutory declaration as to the circumstances that gave rise to the application, or proof of identity. We can also ask you or other insured persons to attend an examination under oath in connection with entitlement to benefits, on reasonable advance notice and at a time and place that are convenient to the person. If the person does not participate as requested, benefits may be delayed or suspended. If the injuries fall within certain guidelines issued by the Superintendent of Financial Services, you or other insured persons may be entitled to some medical or rehabilitation treatments without our prior approval and before a completed application is submitted. 4.3.2	Choosing Which Benefit to Receive

If you or other insured persons qualify for more than one weekly benefit, we will notify you that you must choose which benefit you will receive. 

Paragraph 23
•	allow us to copy all documents in your or other insured persons' possession that relate to the accident. •	permit us to inspect the automobile at any reasonable time. •	complete a statutory declaration within 90 days of the accident, if requested. The declaration will describe what happened in detail, the cause and amount of the loss, those affected and how, and state that the loss was truly accidental. We will also need to know if any other insurance is involved. •	not leave us to dispose of the automobile unless we agree to accept it. If we decide to replace the automobile or pay its actual cash value, less the deductible specified in your Certificate of Automobile Insurance, we own the salvage. 5.4.3	Our Right to Repair, Replace or Rebuild the Automobile

We have the right to repair, replace or rebuild the automobile rather than pay for the damage. If we choose to do this, we will let you or other insured persons know in writing within seven days of receiving notice of the claim. We will complete the work within a reasonable time using parts of similar kind and quality. 5.4.4	How Much We Will Pay

The most we will pay for the automobile is its actual cash value at the time it was damaged, less the deductible specified in your Certificate of Automobile Insurance. The value of the loss or damage is based on actual cash value after taking into account depreciation. We will not pay more to repair the automobile than its actual cash value at the time it was damaged, less the deductible specified in your Certificate of Automobile Insurance. We will pay the lower of the following:

•	the cost to repair the loss or damage, less the deductible; or
•	the actual cash value of the automobile at the time it was damaged, less the applicable deductible. 5.5	Claims for Both Bodily Injury and Property Damage

An accident may result in a valid claim for both bodily injury or death and for damage to the automobile or its contents. 

Paragraph 28
6.5	Your and Other Insured Persons' Responsibilities

When making a claim for property damage, you and other insured persons must:

•	notify us in writing within seven days of any accident (or, if unable, because of incapacity, as soon as possible after that), giving us the best information available at that time concerning the loss or damage and circumstances. •	do as much as is reasonably possible to protect the automobile from further damage. We will pay for any reasonable protection provided. Further damage resulting from failure to provide reasonable protection will not be covered by this policy. •	make no repairs beyond those needed for protection of the automobile, or remove evidence of the damage, without our written consent or until we have had time to inspect the automobile. •	allow us to copy all documents in your or other insured persons' possession that relate to the accident. •	permit us to inspect the automobile at any reasonable time. •	complete a statutory declaration within 90 days of the accident, if requested. The declaration will describe what happened in detail, the cause and amount of the loss, those affected and how, and state that the loss was truly accidental. We will also need to know if any other insurance is involved. •	not leave us to dispose of the automobile unless we agree to accept it. If we decide to replace the automobile or pay its actual cash value, less the applicable deductible, we own the salvage. 6.6	Our Right to Repair, Replace or Rebuild the Automobile

We have the right to repair, replace or rebuild the automobile rather than pay for the damage. If we choose to do this, we will let you or other insured persons know in writing within seven days of receiving notice of the claim. We will complete the work within a reasonable time using parts of similar kind and quality. 

Paragraph 30
A. Specified Perils - we will only pay for losses caused by fire; theft or attempted theft; lightning, windstorm, hail, or rising water; earthquake; explosion; riot or civil disturbance; falling or forced landing of aircraft or parts of aircraft; or the stranding, sinking, burning, derailment or collision of any kind of transport in, or upon which a described automobile is being carried on land or water. B. Comprehensive - we will pay for losses, other than those covered by Collision or Upset, including:
•	perils listed under Specified Perils,
•	falling or flying objects,
•	missiles, and
•	vandalism. C.	Collision or Upset - we will pay for losses caused when a described automobile is involved in a collision with another object or tips over. Object includes:
•	another automobile that is attached to the automobile,
•	the surface of the ground, and
•	any object in or on the ground. D.	All Perils -this option combines the coverages of Collision or Upset and Comprehensive. This coverage includes loss or damage caused if a person who lives in your household steals a described automobile. Coverage also applies if an employee who drives or uses, services or repairs a described automobile, steals it. 7.2	Loss or Damage We Won't Cover

7.2.1	General

We will not cover the following losses unless they result from a peril for which you are covered or they are caused by fire, theft or vandalism and your policy covers these perils:

•	to tires;

•	consisting of, or caused by mechanical fracture or breakdown of any part of the automobile; or

•	consisting of, or caused by rusting, corrosion, wear and tear, freezing, or explosion within the engine. We won't pay for loss or damage:

•	resulting from a dishonest claim of ownership, illegal disposal, or theft of the automobile by anyone who has legal possession of it under a written agreement (a mortgage, conditional sale, lease or other similar agreement);

•	resulting from a change in ownership that is agreed to, even if that change was brought about by trickery or fraud;


•	caused by radioactive contamination;

•	to contents of automobiles and trailers, other than their equipment; and

•	in excess of $25 for recorded material and equipment for use with a playing or recording unit. We will not pay for recorded material and equipment not contained within or attached to the playing or recording unit. Recorded material includes, but is not limited to, tapes, compact discs, video cassettes and digital video discs. 7.2.2	Illegal Use

We won't pay for loss or damage caused in an incident:

•	if you are unable to maintain proper control of the automobile because you are driving or operating the automobile while under the influence of intoxicating substances;

•	if you are convicted of one of the following offences under the Criminal Code of Canada relating to the operation, care or control of the automobile, or committed by means of an automobile, or any similar offence under any law in Canada or the United States:
o	causing bodily harm by criminal negligence
o	dangerous operation of motor vehicles
o	failure to stop at the scene of an accident
 
o	operation of motor vehicle when impaired or with more than 80 mg of alcohol in the blood
o	refusal to comply with demand for breath sample
o	causing bodily harm during operation of vehicle while impaired or over 80 mg of alcohol in the blood, or
o	operating a motor vehicle while disqualified from doing so;
•	if you use or permit the automobile to be used in a race or speed test, or for illegal activity;

•	if you drive the automobile while not authorized by law; and

•	if another person, with your permission, drives or operates the automobile under any of these conditions. 7.2.3	Certain Thefts Not Covered

We won't pay under either the Comprehensive or Specified Perils coverages for loss or damage caused when a person who lives in your household steals the automobile. 

Paragraph 33
•	do as much as is reasonably possible to protect the automobile from further damage. We will pay for any reasonable protection provided. Further damage resulting from failure to provide reasonable protection will not be covered by this policy. •	make no repairs beyond those needed for protection of the automobile, or remove evidence of the damage, without our written consent or until we have had time to inspect the automobile. •	allow us to copy all documents in your or other insured persons' possession that relate to the incident. •	permit us to inspect the automobile at any reasonable time. •	complete a statutory declaration within 90 days of the incident, if requested. The declaration will describe what happened in detail, the cause and amount of the loss, those affected and how, and state that the loss was truly accidental. We will also need to know if any other insurance is involved. •	not leave us to dispose of the automobile unless we agree to accept it. If we decide to replace the automobile or pay its actual cash value, less the deductible shown in your Certificate of Automobile Insurance, we own the salvage. 7.6	Our Right to Repair, Replace or Rebuild the Automobile

We have the right to repair, replace or rebuild the automobile rather than pay for the damage. If we choose to do this, we will let you or other insured persons know in writing within seven days of receiving notice of the claim. We will complete the work within a reasonable time using parts of similar kind and quality. 7.7	What We Will Pay

We will not pay more for the automobile than its actual cash value at the time it was damaged or stolen, less the deductible shown in your Certificate of Automobile Insurance. 

Paragraph 37
Reasons for Refusal

(2)	If the insurer refuses to pay a claim, it shall promptly inform the insured in writing of the reasons the insurer claims it is not liable to pay. Resolution of disagreement by appraisal under s. 128 of the Act

(2.1) Section 128 of the Act applies to this contract if,

(a)	the insurer has received a proof of loss from the insured in respect of property that is lost
 
or damaged;

(b)	the insured and the insurer disagree on,
(i)	the nature and extent of repairs, rebuilding and replacements required or their adequacy, or
(ii)	the amount payable in respect of the loss or damage; and

(c)	a request in writing that an appraisal be carried out in accordance with section 128 of the Act,
(i)	is made by the insured, or
(ii)	is made by the insurer and the insured agrees. When Action may be Brought

(3)	The insured shall not bring an action to recover the amount of a claim under this contract unless the requirements of statutory conditions 5 and 6 are complied with. Limitation of Actions

(4)	Every action or proceeding against the insurer under this contract in respect of loss or damage to the automobile or its contents shall be commenced within one year next after the happening of the loss and not afterwards, and in respect of loss or damage to persons or other property shall be commenced within two years next after the cause of action arose and not afterwards. Who May Give Notice and Proofs of Claim

10. Notice of claim may be given and proofs of claim may be made by the agent of the insured in case of absence or inability of the insured to give the notice or make the proof, such absence or inability being satisfactorily accounted for or, in the like case or if the insured refuses to do so, by a person
to whom any part of the insurance money is payable. Deductible amounts

10.1	(1)	Despite anything in this contract,

(a)	the insurer shall be liable only for amounts in excess of the applicable deductible amount, if any, mentioned in this contract; and

(b)	any provision in this contract relating to an obligation of the insurer to pay an amount or to repair, rebuild or replace property that is damaged or lost shall be satisfied by paying the amount determined by deducting any applicable deductible amount from,
(i)	the amount the insured would otherwise be entitled to recover, or
(ii)	the cost of repairing, rebuilding or replacing the property. Deemed deductible amount

(2) For the purposes of sub condition (1), an amount that an insurer is not liable to pay by reason of subsection 261 (1) or (1.1) or 263 (5.1) or (5.2.1) of the Insurance Act shall be deemed to be a deductible amount under this contract. Termination

11. (1)	Subject to section 12 of the Compulsory Automobile Insurance Act and sections 237 and 238 of the Insurance Act, the insurer may, by registered mail or personal delivery, give to the insured a notice of termination of the contract. (1.1) If the insurer gives a notice of termination under sub condition (1) for areas on other than non-payment of the whole or any part of the premium due under the contract or of any charge under any agreement ancillary to the contract or if the insurer gives a notice of termination in accordance with sub condition (1.7), the notice of termination shall terminate the contract no earlier than. (a)	the 15th day after the insurer gives the notice, if the insurer gives the notice by registered mail; or
(b)	the fifth day after the insurer gives the notice, if the insurer gives the notice by personal delivery. (1.2) Subject to sub condition (1.7), if the insurer gives a notice of termination under sub condition
(1) for the reason of non-payment of the whole or any part of the premium due under the contract or of any charge under any agreement ancillary to the contract, the notice of termination shall comply with sub condition(1.3) and shall specify a day for the termination of the contract that is no earlier than,

(a)	the 30th day after the insurer gives the notice, if the insurer gives the notice by registered mail; or
(b)	the 10th day after the insurer gives the notice, if the insurer gives the notice by personal delivery. (1.3) A notice of termination mentioned in sub condition (1.2) shall,

(a)	state the amount due under the contract as at the date of the notice; and

(b)	state that the contract will terminate at 12:01 a.m. of the day specified for termination unless the full amount mentioned in clause (a), together with an administration fee not exceeding the amount approved under Part XV of the Act, payable in cash or by money order or certified cheque payable to the order of the insurer or as the notice otherwise directs, is delivered to the address in Ontario that the notice specifies, not later than
12:00 noon on the business day before the day specified for termination. (1.4) For the purposes of clause (a) of sub condition (1.3), if the insured and the insurer have previously agreed, in accordance with the regulations, that the insured is permitted to pay the premium under the contract in instalments, the amount due under the contract as at the date of the notice shall not exceed the amount of the instalments due but unpaid as at the date of the notice. 



Result Category: AUTO Insurance
Result found in File: AUTO_7thEditionPolicy.txt

Paragraph 19
For loss of or damage to a citizens band radio, two-way mobile radio, telephone or scanning monitor receiver, including their related equipment. We will pay, however, for such loss or damage if this equipment is permanently installed in the opening of the dash or console normally used by the auto manufacturer for the installation of a radio or a telephone. 4. For loss of or damage to any custom furnishings or custom equipment in or upon any pick-up truck, van or similar vehicle. Custom furnishings or custom equipment include but are not limited to the following items: special carpeting and insulation, furniture, bars, television receivers, facilities for cooking and sleeping, height- extending roofs, custom murals, paintings or other decals or graphics. 5. For loss or damage to equipment designed for the detection or avoidance of any law enforcement speed measuring device. This does not apply to electronic equipment designed solely for safety warning systems. Optional Insurance (Continued)



6. For injury or damage that is intentionally caused by you, a household member or anyone else using your auto with your consent. Part 5. Under this Part, we will pay damages to people injured or killed in Optional Bodily	accidents if you or a household member is legally responsible for Injury to Others	the accident. We will also pay damages if someone else using your
auto with your consent is legally responsible for the accident. The damages we will pay are the amounts the injured person is entitled to collect for bodily injury through a court judgment or settlement. This Part is similar to Compulsory Bodily Injury To Others (Part 1). 

Paragraph 21
Optional Insurance (Continued)



If the accident occurs in any other state or in a Canadian province and you have purchased any coverage at all under this Part, your policy will automatically apply to that accident as follows:
If the state or province has:
1. A financial responsibility law or similar law specifying limits of liability for bodily injury or property damage higher than the limits you have purchased, your policy will provide the higher specified limits. 2. A compulsory insurance or similar law requiring your auto to have insurance whenever it is used in the state or province, your policy will provide at least the required minimum amounts and types of coverage. The limits shown for this Part on the Coverage Selections Page are the total limits you have under Compulsory Bodily Injury to Others (Part 1) and this Part. This means that the Compulsory limits are included within the limits shown on the Coverage Selections Page for this Part and are not in addition to them. The most we will pay for injuries to one or more persons as a result of bodily injury to any one person in any one accident is shown on the Coverage Selections Page as the “per person” limit for the auto involved in that accident. Subject to this limit, the most we will pay for injuries to two or more people as the result of bodily injury to two or more people in any one accident is shown on the Coverage Selections Page as the “per accident” limit for the auto involved in that accident. This is the most we will pay as the result of a single accident no matter how many autos or premiums are shown on the Coverage Selections Page. If someone covered under this Part is using an auto he or she does not own at the time of the accident, the owner’s auto insurance must pay its limits before we pay. Then, we will pay for any damages not paid by that insurance, up to the policy limits shown on your Coverage Selections Page. However, if the claim is covered by us and another auto policy, we will pay only our proportionate share of those damages not paid by the owner’s auto insurance. Any payments we make to anyone or for anyone under Bodily Injury Caused By An Uninsured Auto (Part 3) will reduce the amount of damages that person is entitled to recover from anyone covered under this Part. We will also pay up to $250 for the cost of bail bonds required as a result of an accident covered under this Part including bail bonds for traffic law violations related to the accident. Optional Insurance (Continued)



We must sell you limits up to $35,000 per person and $80,000 per
accident if you want to buy them. 

Paragraph 42
You can, of course, cancel all of the Compulsory Insurance Parts by giving us or your agent at least twenty days written notice. We can cancel all of any part of this policy including your Compulsory Insurance if:
1. You have not paid your premium on this policy. 2. We find that you were responsible for fraud or material misrepre- sentation when you applied for this policy or any extension or renewal of it. 3. Your driver’s license or auto registration has been under suspension or revocation during the policy period. We can cancel Collision (Part 7) and Comprehensive (Part 9) on a vehicle:
1.	customarily driven by or owned by persons who have within the last five years been convicted of vehicular homicide, auto related fraud, or auto theft, or

2.	customarily driven by or owned by persons who have within the last five years made an intentional and material misrepresentation in making claim under those coverages, or

3.	customarily driven or owned by persons who have within the last three years, been convicted of any category of driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs, or

4.	for which a salvage title has been issued by the Registrar of Motor Vehicles unless a new certificate of title has been issued in accordance with Massachusetts law, or

5.	designated as a “high-theft vehicle” which does not have at least a minimum anti-theft or auto recovery device as prescribed by the Commissioner of Insurance. We may likewise cancel:
1. Collision (Part 7) on a vehicle customarily driven by or owned by persons who, within three years preceding the effective date of this policy, have been involved in four or more at-fault auto accidents. An
 

Cancellation And Renewal (Continued)



at-fault is one in which you or any person who customarily drives your
auto was more than 50% at fault; and	. 2. Comprehensive (Part 9) on a vehicle customarily driven by or owned by persons who have two or more total auto theft or fire insurance claims within the three years immediately preceding the effective date of this policy. If the driver’s license or auto registration of anyone residing in your household who usually operates your auto has been under sus- pension or revocation during the policy period, we may suspend coverage for that person under any of the Optional Insurance Parts of the policy. We may also reduce the limits available for that person under Bodily Injury Caused By An Uninsured Auto (Part 3), Damage To Someone Else’s Property (Part 4) to the minimum limits we are required to sell. 



Result Category: AUTO Insurance
Result found in File: AUTO_AU127-1_final.txt

Paragraph 7
This exclusion does not apply to you. 5.	bodily injury to you or any resident of your household related to you by blood, marriage, or adoption to the extent that the limits of liability for this coverage exceed the limits of liability required by the Nevada financial responsibility law. 6.	damage to or destruction of property an insured person owns, transports, is in charge of, or rents. However, a private residence or a garage rented by that person is covered. 7.	bodily injury or property damage which may reasonably be expected to result from the intentional acts of an insured person or which are in fact intended by an insured person to the extent that the limits of liability for this coverage exceed the limits of liability required by the Nevada financial responsibility law. 8.	bodily injury or property damage which would also be covered under nuclear energy liability insurance to the extent that the limits of liability for this coverage exceed the limits of liability required by the Nevada financial responsibility law. This applies even if the limits of that insurance are exhausted. Financial Responsibility
When this policy is certified as proof under any motor vehicle financial responsibility law, this policy will comply with the provisions of that law. LIMITS OF LIABILITY
THE LIMITS SHOWN ON THE POLICY DECLARATIONS ARE THE MAXIMUM WE WILL PAY FOR ANY SINGLE AUTO ACCIDENT. THE LIMIT STATED FOR EACH PERSON FOR BODILY INJURY IS OUR TOTAL LIMIT OF LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES BECAUSE OF BODILY INJURY SUSTAINED BY ONE PERSON IN ANY SINGLE AUTO ACCIDENT, INCLUDING DAMAGES SUSTAINED BY ANYONE ELSE AS A RESULT OF THAT BODILY INJURY. SUBJECT TO THE LIMIT FOR EACH PERSON, THE LIMIT STATED FOR EACH OCCURRENCE IS OUR
TOTAL LIMIT OF LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES FOR
 
BODILY INJURY SUSTAINED BY TWO OR MORE PERSONS IN ANY SINGLE AUTO ACCIDENT. FOR PROPERTY DAMAGE, THE LIMIT APPLIES TO DAMAGES ARISING FROM EACH OCCURRENCE. THE LIABILITY LIMITS APPLY TO EACH INSURED AUTO AS SHOWN ON THE POLICY DECLARATIONS. THE INSURING OF MORE THAN ONE PERSON OR AUTO UNDER THIS POLICY WILL NOT INCREASE OUR LIABILITY LIMITS BEYOND THE AMOUNT SHOWN FOR ANY ONE AUTO, EVEN THOUGH A SEPARATE PREMIUM IS CHARGED FOR EACH AUTO. THE LIMITS ALSO WON’T BE INCREASED IF YOU HAVE OTHER AUTO INSURANCE POLICIES THAT APPLY. 

Paragraph 14
If we ask, that person must
 
also help us obtain payment from anyone who may be jointly responsible. We can’t be obligated if an insured person voluntarily takes any action or makes any payments other than for covered expenses for first aid to others. Action Against Allstate
No one may sue us under this coverage unless there is full compliance with all the policy terms. Proof Of Claim; Medical Reports
As soon as possible, any person making claim must give us written proof of claim. It must include all details we may need to determine the amounts payable. We may also require any person making claim to submit to questioning under oath and sign the transcript. The injured person may be required to take medical examinations by physicians we choose, as often as we reasonably require. We must be given authorization to obtain medical reports and other records pertinent to the claim. Part 3
Automobile Death Indemnity Insurance
Coverage CM
Allstate will pay the benefit shown on the Policy
Declarations if an insured person dies as a direct result of bodily injury, sickness or disease caused by an auto accident. The injury must be sustained while the insured person is in, on, getting into or out of, or when struck as a pedestrian by an auto, trailer or semi-trailer. Benefits will be paid only if:
1.	death occurs within 90 days of the auto
accident; or
2.	death occurs within 1 year of the auto accident and the bodily injury has continuously prevented the insured person from performing all duties pertaining to that person’s occupation. Insured Persons
The person or persons shown as insured on the Policy Declarations under Coverage CM. NPage 8
T
 
Allstate Insurance Company

 
Definitions
"Allstate", "We", or "Us"
 

means the Allstate
 
Proof Of Claim; Medical Reports
As soon as possible, we must be given written proof
 


 
"Auto"
 
means a land motor vehicle designed for
 
We must be given authorization to obtain medical
 

 
Exclusions	What is not covered
 
Part 4
 
This coverage does not apply to death:
1.	sustained in the course of an occupation by any person while:
a)	operating, loading, unloading, assisting on, or performing any other duties related to the use of a commercial auto, or an auto hired or rented to others for a charge. b)	repairing or servicing autos, including any
 
Automobile Disability Income Protection
Coverage CW
Allstate will pay the weekly benefit shown on the Policy Declarations if an insured person sustains
continuous total disability as a direct result of bodily
 
related duties. 2.	due to suicide committed while sane or insane. 

Paragraph 15
3.	due to any act of war, insurrection, rebellion, or
 
injury, sickness or disease caused by an auto accident. The injury must be sustained while in, on, getting into or out of, or when struck as a pedestrian by an auto, trailer or semi-trailer. revolution. E	Benefits will be paid only while the insured person is
 
4.	sustained while in, on, getting into or out of, or when struck as a pedestrian by
a)	a vehicle operated on rails or crawler-treads;
b)	a vehicle or other equipment designed for use off public roads, while not on public roads; or
c)	a vehicle when used as a residence or premises. Payment Of Benefits; Autopsy
The benefit is payable to the deceased insured person’s spouse. The spouse must be a resident of the same household as the insured person at the time of the accident. However, if the deceased is a minor, the benefit is payable to either parent. That parent must be a resident of the same household as the minor at the time of the accident. In all other
 
 
alive and only if the disability:
1.	commences within 20 days of the date of the accident; and
2.	during the first year after commencement, continuously prevents the insured person from performing all duties pertaining to that person’s occupation; and
3.	during the second and subsequent years after commencement, continuously prevents the insured person from engaging in any occupation or employment for wage or profit. Insured Persons
The person or persons shown as insured on the Policy Declarations under Coverage CW. Definitions	U
 
person’s estate. Allstate has the right and must be given the
 
 
Insurance Company or Allstate Indemnity Company as shown on the Policy Declarations. M
 
Consent Of Beneficiary
 
Exclusions	What is not coveEred
 
The beneficiary’s consent is not required for
cancellation, assignment, change of beneficiary, or any other change under this coverage. This coverage does not apply to disability:
1.	sustained in the course of an occupation by any person while:
 
NPage 9
T
 
Allstate Insurance Company

 
a)	operating, loading, unloading, assisting on, or performing any other duties related to the use of a commercial auto, or an auto hired or rented to others for a charge. b)	repairing or servicing autos, including any related duties. 

Paragraph 21
IF MORE THAN ONE POLICY APPLIES TO THE ACCIDENT ON A PRIMARY BASIS, THE TOTAL BENEFITS PAYABLE TO ANY ONE PERSON WILL NOT EXCEED THE MAXIMUM BENEFITS PAYABLE BY THE POLICY WITH THE HIGHEST LIMIT FOR UNINSURED MOTORISTS COVERAGE. WE WILL
BEAR OUR PROPORTIONATE SHARE WITH OTHER UNINSURED MOTORISTS BENEFITS. THIS APPLIES
 
NO MATTER HOW MANY AUTOS OR AUTO POLICIES MAY BE INVOLVED WHETHER WRITTEN BY ALLSTATE OR ANOTHER COMPANY. Proof Of Claim; Medical Reports
As soon as possible, you or any other person making claim must give us written proof of claim, including all details reasonably required by us to determine the amounts payable. We may also require any person making claim to submit to questioning under oath and sign the transcript. The insured person may be required to take medical examinations by physicians selected by us, as often as we reasonably require. The insured person or that person’s representative must authorize us to obtain medical reports and copies of records. Assistance And Cooperation
We may require the insured person to take proper action to preserve all rights to recover damages from anyone responsible for the bodily injury. Trust Agreement
When we pay any person under this coverage:
1.	we are entitled to repayment of amounts paid by us and related collection expenses out of the proceeds of any settlement or judgment that person recovers from any responsible party or insurer. 2.	all rights of recovery against any responsible party or insurer must be maintained and preserved for our benefit. 3.	insured persons, if we ask, must take proper action in their name to recover damages from any responsible party or insurer. We will select the attorney. We will pay all related costs and fees. We will not ask the insured person to sue the insured of an insolvent insurer. Payment Of Loss By Allstate
Any amount due is payable to the insured person, to the parent or guardian of an injured minor, or to the spouse of any insured person who dies. 



Result Category: AUTO Insurance
Result found in File: AUTO_Business Auto Coverage Form - CA 00_final.txt

Paragraph 7
Employee Indemnification and Employer’s Liability
Bodily injury to:
a. An employee of the insured arising out of and in the course of:
(1)	Employment by the insured; or
(2)	Performing the duties related to the conduct of the insured’s business; or
b. The spouse, child, parent, brother or sis- ter of that employee as a consequence of Paragraph a. above. This exclusion applies:
(1)	Whether the insured may be liable as an employer or in any other ca- pacity; and
(2)	To any obligation to share damages with or repay someone else who must pay damages because of the injury. But this exclusion does not apply to bodily injury to domestic employees not entitled to workers’ compensation benefits or to liability assumed by the insured under an insured con- tract. For the purposes of the coverage form, a domestic employee is a person engaged in
 
household or domestic work performed prin- cipally in connection with a residence prem- ises. 5. Fellow Employee
Bodily injury to:
a. Any fellow employee of the insured aris- ing out of and in the course of the fellow employee’s employment or while per- forming duties related to the conduct of your business; or
b. The spouse, child, parent, brother or sis- ter of that fellow employee as a conse- quence of Paragraph a. above. 6. Care, Custody or Control
Property damage to or covered pollution cost or expense involving property owned or transported by the insured or in the insured’s care, custody or control. But this exclusion does not apply to liability assumed under a sidetrack agreement. 7. Handling of Property
Bodily injury or property damage resulting from the handling of property:
a. 

Paragraph 17
4. Loss Payment - Physical Damage Coverages At our option we may:
a. Pay for, repair or replace damaged or stolen property;
b. Return the stolen property, at our ex- pense. We will pay for any damage that results to the auto from the theft; or
c.	Take all or any part of the damaged or stolen property at an agreed or appraised value. If we pay for the loss, our payment will in- clude the applicable sales tax for the damaged or stolen property. 5. Transfer of Rights of Recovery Against Oth- ers to Us
If any person or organization to or for whom we make payment under this coverage form has rights to recover damages from another, those rights are transferred to us. That person or organization must do everything necessary
 
to secure our rights and must do nothing after
accident or loss to impair them. B. General Conditions
1. Bankruptcy
Bankruptcy or insolvency of the insured or the insured’s estate will not relieve us of any obligations under this coverage form. 2. Concealment, Misrepresentation or Fraud
This coverage form is void in any case of fraud by you at any time as it relates to this coverage form. It is also void if you or any other insured, at any time, intentionally con- ceal or misrepresent a material fact concern- ing:
a. 

Paragraph 22
A lease of premises;
 
2. A sidetrack agreement;
3. Any easement or license agreement, except in connection with construction or demolition operations on or within 50 feet of a railroad;
4. An obligation, as required by ordinance, to indemnify a municipality, except in con- nection with work for a municipality;
5. That part of any other contract or agreement pertaining to your business (including an in- demnification of a municipality in connection with work performed for a municipality) un- der which you assume the tort liability of an- other to pay for bodily injury or property damage to a third party or organization. Tort liability means a liability that would be im- posed by law in the absence of any contract or agreement. 6. That part of any contract or agreement en- tered into, as part of your business, pertaining to the rental or lease, by you or any of your employees, of any auto. However, such con- tract or agreement shall not be considered an insured contract to the extent that it obligates you or any of your employees to pay for property damage to any auto rented or leased by you or any of your employees. An insured contract does not include that part of any contract or agreement:
a. That indemnifies a railroad for bodily injury or property damage arising out of construction or demolition operations, within 50 feet of any railroad property and affecting any railroad bridge or tres- tle, tracks, roadbeds, tunnel, underpass or crossing;
b. That pertains to the loan, lease or rental of an auto to you or any of your em- ployees, if the auto is loaned, leased or rented with a driver; or
c.	That holds a person or organization en- gaged in the business of transporting property by auto for hire harmless for your use of a covered auto over a route or territory that person or organization is authorized to serve by public authority. I. Leased worker means a person leased to you by a labor leasing firm under an agreement between you and the labor leasing firm to perform duties related
 
to the conduct of your business. Leased worker
does not include a temporary worker. 



Result Category: AUTO Insurance
Result found in File: AUTO_insurance-pdf-NL-SPF-1.txt

Paragraph 0
NL - S.P.F. NO. 1

STANDARD
AUTOMOBILE
POLICY

(OWNER’S FORM)

Effective on and after
January 01, 2020

PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY

64002-01 (01/20) (Rev'd) Al fights egerved. Hpac is preriated
Without exp mo In
INDEX

Page
SECTION A — THIRD PARTY LIABILITY
Bodily Injuries and Damage to Other People’s Property. 1
Additional Agreements of Insurer 1
Agreements of Insured .... 2

SECTION A.1 — DIRECT COMPENSATION —
PROPERTY DAMAGE............covonmmmnnmsnis nse ao en

SECTION B — ACCIDENT BENEFITS
Subsection 1 — Medical, Rehabilitation and Funeral Expensesiy.....
Subsection 2 — Death Benefits and Loss of Income Payments:
Special Provisions, Definitions and Exclusion

ow

SECTION C — LOSS OF OR DAMAG! Subsection 1 — All Perils Coveragg

Subsection 2 — Collision or Upset &
Subsection 3 — Comprehen: a i.
Subsection 4 — Specified Peri hE
Deductible Clause #ima............

Exclusions ....
Additional

© © ® 0 oo ©

SECTION D
UNIDENTIFIE

OMOBILE AND
COVERAGE .........cccoovcmnimneriniiniinns 10

STA] ONDITIONS .......cooovr ieee sms 17

PLEASE READ YOUR POLICY

64002-01 (01/20) a op eae Fa etan sob

ut express consent of Informco
INSURING AGREEMENTS

Now, therefore in consideration of the payment of the premium specified and
of the statements contained in the application and subject to the limits,
terms, conditions, provisions, definitions and exclusions herein stated
and subject always to the condition that the Insurer shall be liable only under
the section(s) or subsection(s) of the following Insuring Agreements A, B, C
and D for which a premium is specified in Item 4 of the application and no
other. SECTION A — THIRD PARTY LIABILITY
BODILY INJURIES AND DAMAGE TO OTHER PEOPLE'S PROPERTY

The insurer agrees to indemnify the Insured and, in the same manner and to
the same extent as if named herein as the Insured, avery other person who
with the Insured’s consent parsonally drives the automobile, or personally
operates any part thereof, against the liability imposed by law upon the
Insured or upon any such other person for loss or damage arising from the
ownership, use or operation of the automobile and resulting from BODILY
INJURY TO OR DEATH OF ANY PERSON OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY. The Insurer shall not be liable under this section,

{a) for any liability imposed by any workers’ compensai
person insured by this section; or
for loss or damage resulting from bodily injury to or
employes of any person insured by this section while
operation or repair of the automobile; or

{c) for loss of or damage to property carried i in obile or to
a trol of any

(b;

pA

person Insured by this section; ¢
{d) for any amount in excess of t i n A of ftem 4 of

Agreements of this se
section of the Aufomobi
hazard;

{e) for any liabili
automobile; or

'ways to the provisions of the
elating to the nuclear energy

is*provided by this section the Insurer shall,

of notice of loss or damage caused to persons or property,
person insured by this Policy by such investigation thereof, or
ich negotiations with the claimant, or by such settlement of any
resulting claims, as may be deemed expedient by the Insurer; and

{2) defend in the name and on behalf of any person insured by this Policy
and at the cost of the Insurer any civil action which may at any time be
brought against such person on account of such loss or damage to
persons or property; and

3

2

pay all costs taxed against any person insured by this Policy in any civil
action defended by the Insurer and any interest accruing after entry of
judgment upon that part of the judgment which is within the limit(s) of the
insurer's liability; and

(4

=

in case the injury be to a person, reimburse any person insured by this
Polley for outlay for such medical ald as may be Immediately necessary
at the time of such injury; and

be liable up to the minimum limit{s) prescribed for that province or
territory of Canada in which the accident occurred, if that limit(s) is higher
than the limit(s) stated in Section A of Item 4 of the application; and

15

=

64002-01 (01/20) 1 N Re eran Fr

ut express consent of Informco
{6) not set up any defense to a claim that might not be set up if the policy
were a motor vehicle liability policy issued in the provinces or territory of
Canada, in which the accident occurred. AGREEMENTS OF INSURED

Whare indemnity is provided by this Section, every person insured by this

Policy:

(a) by the acceptance of this Policy, constitutes and appoints the Insurer's
irrevocable attorney to appear and defend in any province or territory of
Canada in which action is brought against the Insured arising out of the
ownership, use or operation of the automoblle;

(b) shall reimburse the Insurer, upon demand, in the amount which the
Insurer has paid by reason of the provisions of any statute relating to
automobile insurance and which the Insurer would not otherwise be
liable to pay under this Policy. SECTION A.1 — DIRECT COMPENSATION —
PROPERTY DAMAGE

Where section 32.1 of the Automobile Insurance Act applies,
agrees ta indemnify the Insured under this section as tho
were a third party for damage caused to the automaobi
Insured, its equipment, and its contents if not carried for,
of use of the automoblle, equipment, and contents, In
Automobile insurance Act and the Fault Determination
under the Act. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

For the purpose of this section, with re
automobile and its equipment, the Ins;
with respect to a claim for damage
is the owner of the contents. DEDUCTIBLE
Each occurrence causing loss

ich the Insurer's liability shall be
Direct Compensation — Property
ction A.1 of ltem 4 of the application
the driver of the automobile was

€ automobile loss. If there is any remaining deductible, the
plied to the contents loss. The Insurer shall not be liable under this section:

(a) for any amount In excess of the limit(s) stated In Section A of item 4 of
the application; subject always to the provisions of the section of the
Automobile Insurance Act relating to the nuclear energy hazard; or

{b) for any claims arising from contamination of property carried in the
automoblle. See also General Provisions, Definitions, Exclusions and
Statutory Conditions of this Policy. 

Paragraph 1
SECTION B — ACCIDENT BENEFITS

The Insurer agrees to pay to or with respect to each insured person as
defined in this Section who sustains bodily injury or death by an accident
arising out of the use or operation of an automobile:

64002-01 (01/20) 2 N Re eran Fr

ut express consent of Informco
SUBSECTION 1 — MEDICAL, REHABILITATION AND
FUNERAL EXPENSES

{1) All reasonable expenses incurred within 4 years from the date of the
accident as a result of such injury for necessary medical, surgical,
dental, chiropractic, hospital, professional nursing and ambulance
service and for any other service within the meaning of insured services
under Medical Care and Hospital insurance Act and for such other
services and supplies which are, In the opinion of the physiclan of the
insured person's choice and that of the insurers medical advisor,
essential for the treatment, occupational retraining or rehabilitation of
said person, to the limit of $25,000 per person, or such higher limit as
stated in subsection 1 of Section B of Item 4 of the Certificate of
Automobile Insurance. (2) Funeral expenses incurred to the limit of $1,000 in respect of the death
of any one person, or such higher limit as stated in subsection 1 of
Section B of Item 4 of the Certificate of Automobile Insurance. The Insurer shall not be liable under this subsection for those portions of
such expenses payable or recoverable under any medical, surgical, dental, or
hospltallzation plan or law or, except for similar Insurance provided under
another automobile insurance contract, under any other insura
certificate issued to or for tha benefit of, any insured parson

SUBSECTION 2 —- DEATH BENEFITS
LOSS OF INCOME PAYMENTS

Part 1 - Death Benefits

A. Subject to the provisions of this Part, for
days of the accident or within 104 weaks has been

the status

at the date of the accident of the here a head
of the household, a spouse of the following
amounts:

Head of the household ... {ih ....." - ... $10,000
Spouse of the Head of the h ... $10,000
Dependent withi

. $ 2,000

h of the head of the household,

the head of the household” means the spouse with the
e from employment in the 12 months preceding the

se” means either of 2 persons who,
are married to each other;

{b) are married to each othar by a marriage that is voidable and
has not been voided by a judgement of nullity; or

{c) have gone through a form of marriage with each other, In good
faith, that is void and are cohabiting or have cohabited within
the preceding year,

and includes either of 2 persons who, not being married to each
other, have cohabited in a conjugal relationship outside of marriage
continuously for at least one year immediately preceding the
occurrence giving rise to a claim. (3) “Dependent” means,
{a) the spouse of the head of the household who resides with the
head of the household; or
{b) a person,

(I) under the age of 12 years who resides with and Is

6400201 (01720) 5 wom Lon

ut express consent of Informco
principally dependent upon the head of the household or
the spouse of the head of the household for financial
support,

(i) 19 years of age or over who, because of mental or
physical infirmity, is principally dependent upon the head
of the household or the spouse of the head of the
household for financial support, or

(ii) 19 years of age or over who, because of fulltime
attendance at a school, collage or univarsity, is principally
dependent upon the head of the household or the spouse
of the head of the household for financial support; or

{c) a parent or relative,

(i) of the head of the hausehold, or

(i) of the spouse of the head of the household,

residing in the same dwelling premises and principally

dependent upon the head of the househcld or the spouse of

the head of the household for financial support. (4) The total amount payable shall be paid to a person who, is the head
of the household or the spouse of the head of the hoi Id, as the
case may be, if that person survives the dece; by at least
30 days. (5) The total amount payable with respect to death
the household or spouse survives the deceased b
shall be divided equally among the s

(6) No amount is payable on death,
expenses, if no head of the h

Part li - Loss of Income

Subject to the provisions of thi payment for the loss of income
from employment for the per i ich the insured person suffers
substantial inability to perform tl i i
or employment, provi

{a) such person wa dat® of the accident;

the accident, and as a result of the

all be made for any period in excess of 104 weeks except
d of the 104 week period, it has been established that
inuously prevents such parson from engaging in any
r employment for which the Insured is reasonably suited by
training or experience, the Insurer agrees to make such
ayments for the duration of such inability to perform the
ial duties. Amount of Weekly Payment — The amount of a weekly payment shall be the

lesser of,

(a) $140 per week, or such higher amount as stated in subsection 2 of
Section B of Item 4 of the Certificate of Automobile Insurance; and

{b) 80 percent of the Insured person's gross weekly Income from
employment, less any payments for loss of income from employment
recaived by or available to such parson under,

(i) the laws of any jurisdiction,

(I) wage or salary continuation plans avallable to the person by
reason of the Insured’s employment,

but no deduction shall be made for any increase in such payment due to

a cost of living adjustment subsequent to the insured person's

substantial inability to perform the essential duties of the Insured’s

occupation or employment. 64002-01 (01/20) 4 A RON Faeton s RDGLE

ut express consent of
For the purposes of thia Part,

{1) there shall be deducted from an insured person's gross weekly income
any payments received by or available to him or her from part-time or
other employment or occupation subsequent to the date of the accident;

{2) a principal unpaid housekeeper residing in the household, not otherwise
engaged in occupation or employment for wages or profit, if injured, shall
be deemed disabled only if completely incapacitated and unable to
perform any of the Insured’s household duties and, while so
incapacitated, shall receive a benefit at the rate of $70.00 per week for
not more than 12 weeks;

{3) a person shall be deemed to be employed,

(a) if actively engaged in an occupation or employment for wages or
profit at the date of the accident; or

(b) so engaged for any 6 months out of the preceding 12 months and
in these circumstances shall be deemed to have suffered loss of
income at a rate equal to that of the Insured’s most recent
employment eamings;

(4) a person receiving a weekly payment who resumes the Insured’s
occupation or employment, and within 104 weeks from thgidate of the
accident is unable to continue such occupation or el
result of the accident, Is not precluded from recelv]
payments;

{5) where the payments for loss of income payable hereul
payments for loss of income under another contract of
than a contract of insurance relating to any wage or salar:
plan available to an insured person
employment, exceed the actual loss oLinco

of the person

(1) “INSURED PE

(a) any person wi of the described automobile or of a
i substitute automobile as defined in

ured is an individual or are husband and wifs;

person is not engaged in the business of selling,

pairing, maintaining, servicing, storing, or parking

utomobiles at the time of the accident;

such other automobile is not owned or regularly or frequently

used by the Insured or by any person or persons residing in

the same dwelling premises as the Insured;

{iv) such other automabile is not owned, hired, or leased by an
employer of the Insured or by an employer of any person or
persons residing in the same dwelling premises as the
Insured;

{v) such other automobile is not used for carrying passengers for
compensation or hire or for commercial delivery;

(c) any person, not the occupant of an automobile or of railway rolling-
stock that runs on rails, who is struck, in Canada, by the described
automobile or a newly acquired or temporary substitute automobile
as defined in the Policy;

(d) the named Insured, if an individual and the Insured’s spouse and
any dependent relative residing in the same dwelling premises as
the named Insured, not the aceupant of an automobile or of railway
rolling-stock that runs on ralls, who Is struck by any other
automobile; provided that,

6400201 (01720) 5 wom Lon

ut express consent of Informco
(i) such person is not engaged in the business of selling,
repairing, maintaining, servicing, storing, or parking auto-
maobiles at the time of the accident;

(ii) that automobile is not owned or regularly or frequently used by
the Insured or by any person or persons residing in the same
dwelling premises as the named Insured;

(iii) that automobile is not owned, hired, or leased by an employer
of the Insured or by an employar of any person or persons
residing in the same dwelling premises as the named Insured;

(e) if the Insured is a corporation, unincorporated association, or
partnership, any employee or partner of the Insured for whose
regular use the described automobile is fumished, and the
Insured’s spouse and any depandant ralative of either, residing in
the same dwelling premises as such employee or partner, while an
occupant of any other automobile of the private passenger or
station wagon type; and

(f) any employee or partner of the Insured, for whose regular use the
described automobile is furnished, and the Insured’s spouse and
any dependent relative of either, residing in the dwelling
premises as such employee or partner, while not ti

struck by any other automobile; pravidad that,
in respect of paragraphs (e) and {f) above,

{i) neither such employee nor part
the owner of an automobile of th

wagon type;

(ii) the described automobiléis i er or station
wagon type;

(iii) such person is not gf” in the business of selling,

repairing, m:
automobiles at accident;
ed or regularly or frequently

er, or by any person or persons
premises as such employee or

storing, or parking

()

other automobile is not used for carrying passengers for
mpensation or hire or for commercial delivery. (3) EXCLUSIONS

(a) The Insurer shall not be liable under this Section for bodily injury to
or death of any person,

(i) resulting from the suicide of such person or attempt thereat,
whether sane or insane,

(ii) who Is entitled to receive the benefits of any workers’ compensation
law or plan unless the Insured has exercised the Insured’s option to
recover damages as provided under the said law or plan,

(iii) caused directly or indiractly by radioactive material; or

(iv) resulting from the use or operation of the automobile by an
excluded driver. (b) The Insurer shall not be liable under subsection 1 or Part Il of
subsection 2 of this section for bodily injury or death,

{I} sustained by any person who, at the time of the accident, was

6400201 (01720) 6 wom Lon

ut express consent of Informco
driving or operating the automobile while in a condition for
which the Insured is convicted of an offense under Section
320.14 (operation of motor vehicle while impaired by alcohol or
a drug or by a combination of alcohol and a drug) of the
Criminal Code (Canada) or under or in connection with the
circumstances of which the Insured is convicted of an offense
under Section 320.15 (failure or refusal to comply with demand
for testing for the presence of alcohol or a drug) of the
Criminal Code (Canada); or

(ii) sustained by any person driving the automobile who is not
for tha time being either authorizad by law or qualified to drive
the automobile,

{4) NOTICE AND PROOF OF CLAIM

The insured parson or the Insured’s agent, or the person otherwise
entitled to make claim or the Insured's agent, shall,

(a) give written notice of claim to the Insurer by delivery thereof or by
sending it by registered mail to the chief agency or head office of
the Insurer in the Province, within 30 days from the date of the
accident or as soon as practicable thereafter;

(b) within 90 days from the date of the accident for
made, or as soon as practicable thereafter, fi

(c) if so required by the Insurer, furnisl
and natura of the accident for which th
duration of the disability caus

(5) MEDICAL REPORTS
The Insurer has the right and to the Insurar, an
opportunity to examine insured person when and as
often as it reasonably re: claim is pending, and also, in
the case of the death of th to make an autopsy subject
(6) RELEASE
Notwith: led for under the relevant sections of
the AufoR 8 ct, the Insurer may demand, as a condition
precede a { amount under this Section of the Policy, a

release i sured and the Insurer from liability to the extent
from the insured parson or the Insured’s personal
or any other person. PAYABLE

unts payable under this Section, other than benefits under
of subsection 2, shall be paid by the Insurer within 30 days
er it has received proof of claim. The initial benefits for loss of
income under Part Il of subsection 2 shall be paid within 30 days after
the Insurer has received proof of claim, and payments shall be made
thereafter within each 30 day period while the Insurer remains liable
for payments if the insured person, whenever required to do so,
furnishes prior to payment, proof of continuing disability. (b) No person shall bring an action to recover the amount of a claim
under this Section unless the requirements of provisions (4) and (5)
are complied with, nor until the amount of the loss has been
ascertained as provided in this Section. 

Paragraph 3
(1} The Insurer is not liable

the minimum li
liability policy e:
(0) where Jurisdiction other than the
i the accident a total amount in

A hing bodily injury or dying or the amount of damages for
ental damage to the insured automobile or its contents or

(c) make a payment to a claimant who claims damages

sulting from an accident that occurred in a jurisdiction in

which the claimant may make a valid claim for payment of such
damages from an unsatisfied judgment fund or similar fund;

(d) to make a payment to a claimant who is legally entitled to
recover a sum of money under the third party liability section of
a motor vehicle liability policy;

(e) to make a payment to a claimant who would otherwise be
legally entitled to recover a sum of money under a contract of
insurance as a result of the accident, other than money payable
on death, that exceeds the sum that the person is legally
entitled to recover under sub-subsection 2. (1) of this Schedule;

(f) subject to paragraphs (a), (b) and (e), to pay a claimant with
respect to any one accident a sum in excess of the difference
between the sum that the claimant is legally entitled to recover
as damages from the owner or driver of the automobile and the
sum that the claimant is otherwise legally entitled to recover
under any valid contract of insurance, other than money
payable on death, as a result of the accident;

64002-01 (01/20) 1" N Re eran Fr

ut express consent of Informco
{g) to pay a claimant the first $250 in respect of damages for
accidental damage to the insured automobile or its contents or
to both the insured automobile and its contents, resulting from
any one accident;

(h) to make a payment respecting bodily injury, death or damage
caused directly or indirectly by radioactive material; or

(i) for loss or damage that occurs while the insured automobile is
being used or operated by an excluded driver. (2) Where, by reason of any one accident, liability results from bodily
injury or death and from damage to the insured automobile or its
contents or to both the insured automobile and its contents

(a) claims arlsing out of bodlly Injury or death have priority to the
extent of 90% of the total amount legally payable under the
contract over claims arising out of damage to the insured
automobile or its contents or to both the insured automobile
and its contents; and

{b) claims arising out of damage to the insured automobile or its
contents or to both the insured automobile and its contents
have priority to the extent of 10% of the total
payable under the contract over claims arisi ut of bodily
injury or death. ACCIDENTS INVOLVING UNIDENTIFIED AU

contract results from an accident involvi
the claimant or a person acting on behalf

(a) report the accident within a pe i

(b) deliver to the Insurer
as soon after that p
the claimant has a
damages against a

(0)

LIABILITY AND AMOUNT OF DAMAGES

0 whether or not a claimant is legally entitled to recover
and as to the amount of such damages shall be

written agreement between the claimant and the Insurer;

t the request of the claimant and with the consent of the
Insurer, by arbitration by

(i) one person, if the parties are able to agree on that
person, or

(i) where the parties are unable to agree on one person,
3 persons, one of whom is chosen by the claimant, one of
whom is chosen by the Insurer and one of whom is
selected by the 2 persons so chosen; or

(c) subject to subsection (3), by the Trial Division in an action
brought against the Insurer by the claimant. (2) The Arbitration Act applies to an arbitration under paragraph (1) (b). (3) An Insurer may, in its defence of an action referred to in paragraph
{1)(c), contest the issue of

(a) the legal entitlement of the claimant to recover damages; or
{b) the amount of damages payable,

only if that issue has not already been determined in a contested
action in the Trial Division. 64002-01 (01/20) 12 A RON Faeton s RDGLE

ut express consent of
NOTICE AND PROOF OF CLAIM

6. (1) A claimant claiming damages for bodily injury to or the death of a
person resulting from an accident involving an uninsured
automobile or unidentified automobile or a person acting on behalf
of the claimant shall

(a) within a period of 30 days after the date of the accident or as
soon after that period as practicable, give written notice of the
claim to the Insurer by delivering it personally or by sending it
by registered mail to the chief agent or head office of the
Insurer in the province;

(b) within a period of 80 days after the date of the accident or as
soon after that period as practicable, deliver to the Insurer as
fully detalled a proof of claim as Is reasonably possible In the
circumstances respecting the events surrounding the accident
and the damages resulting from it;

(c) provide the Insurer, at the insurer's request, with the certificate
of a medical practitioner legally qualified to practise medicine,
describing the cause and nature of the bodily injury or death to
which the claim relates and the duration of a disability resulting
from the accident; and

(d) provide the Insurer with details of policies of
than life Insurance, to which the claimant

(2) Statutory condition 4 of subsaction 8(3) of the
necessary modifications where a claimant clail
accidental damage to an insured automobile or its

claiming damages for bg

or operating an
immediately deliver a
process to the chief

@
judgment against the other person referrad
and is unable to recover all or a portion of

quest, pay to the claimant the sum or portion of
emalning due. Ing payment under sub-subsection (2), the Insurer may
claimant to assign the claimant's judgment to the Insurer
Insurer shall account to the claimant for any recovery it
under the judgment of a sum in excass of tha total of the sum
to the claimant, after deducting the insurer's costs. MEDICAL EXAMINATIONS AND AUTOPSIES

8. (1) The Insurer has the right and the claimant shall afford the Insurer an
opportunity

(a) to conduct a physical or mental examination of a person
insured under the contract to whom the claimant's claim relates
at the time and as often as the Insurer reasonably requires and
while the claim is pending, and

{b) where a claim relates to the death of a person insured under
the contract, to initiate an autopsy at the insurer's expense
subject to the law relating to autopsies. (2) The Insurer shall provide the claimant, at the claimant's request,
with a copy of any medical, psychological or autopsy report relating
to an examination or autopsy under sub-subsection (1). 64002-01 (01/20) 13 a op eae Fa etan sob

ut express consent of Informco
LIMITATIONS

9. (1) A parson shall not commence an action to recover the amount of a
claim provided for under the contract and under subsection 33(2) of
the Act unless the requirements of this Schedule have been
complied with. (2) Every action or other legal proceeding against an Insurer for the
recovery of an amount of damages shall be commenced within 2
years after the date on which the cause of action against the Insurer
arose and not afterward. 

Paragraph 6
(2) The insured shall not,
{a) voluntarily assume liability or settle a claim

own cost; or
{b) interfere in a negotiations ft
proceeding. (3) The insured shall, where reques securing
information and evidence angdfifie att8 ss and shall
co-operate with the insure, a in the defence

Requirements Where Loss Automoblle

4. (1) Where loss of or dal tomobile occurs, the insured
shall, if the loss or dal by this contract,
(a) prom f it to the insurer with the fullest
inform:

{b) _at the exp rer, and as far as reasonably possible
bile from further loss or damage; and

{c) We j r within 80 days after the date of the loss or

a stattitory declaration stating, to the best of his or her

a edge and belief, the place, time, cause and amount of
loS8lor damage, the interest of the insured and of all others in
il encumbrances on it, all other insurance, whether valid or
ot, covering the automobile and that the loss or damage did
t occur through a willful act or neglect, procurement, means
r connivance of the insured. 2 further loss or damage accruing to the automobile directly or
indirectly from a failure to protect it as required under subcondition
{1) Is not recoverable under thls contract. (3) Repairs, other than those that are immediately necessary for the
protection of the automobile from further loss or damage, shall not
be undertaken and no physical evidence of the loss or damage shall
be removed,

{a) without the written consent of the insurer; or

(b) until the insurer has had a reasonable time to make
the examination for which provision is made in statutory
condition 5. Examination of Insured

(4) The insured shall submit to examination under oath or affirmation,
and shall produce for examination at a reasonable place and time
designated by the insurer or its representative all documents in his
or her possession or control that relate to the matters in question,
and he or she shall parmit extracts and copies ta be made. 64002-01 (01/20) 18 a op eae Fa etan sob

ut express consent of Informco
Insurer Liable for Cash Value of Automobile

(5) The insurer shall not be liable for more than the actual cash value
of the automobile at the time loss or damage occurs, and the loss
or damage shall be ascertained or estimated according to that
actual cash value with proper deduction for depreciation, however
caused, and shall not exceed the amount that it would cost to repair
or replace the automobile, or a part of it, with material of the same
kind and quality, but, if a part of the automobile is obsolete and out
of stock, the liability of the insurer in respect of it shall be limited to
the value of that part at the time of loss or damage, not exceeding
the maker's latest list price. Repair or Replacement

(6) Except where an appraisal has been made, the insurer, instead of
making payment, may, within a reasonable time, repair, rebuild or
replace the property damaged or lost with other of like kind and
quality if, within 7 days after the receipt of the proof of loss, it gives
written notice of its intention to do so. No Abandonment; Salvage
(7} There shall be no abandonment of the automobile
without the insurer's consent. Where the insure
option to replace the automobile or pays the actu;
automabile, the salvage shall vest in the insur

In Case of Disagreement

(8) In the event of disagreement as to the nature and
repairs and replacements required

provided under the Insura

contract is disputed or not, gpendently of all other questions. There shall be no isal until a specific demand is
made in writing and of loss has been delivered. Inspection of Automoblle

ithin 60 days after the proof of loss has been
ere an appraisal i is made under subcondition

ured shall not bring an action to recover the amount of a
under this contract unless the requirements of statutory
itions 3 and 4 are complied with nor until the amaunt of the loss
as been ascertained as provided or by a judgement against the
insured after trial of the issue or by agreement between the parties
with the written consent of the insurer. Limitations of Actions

(3) An action or proceeding under this contract against the insurer in
respect of a claim far indemnification for liability to the insured for
loss or damage to property of another person or for personal injury
to or death of another person shall be started within 2 years after
the liability of the insured is established by a court and not
afterwards. All other actions or proceedings against the insurer,
under this contract, in respect of loss or damage to the automobile
shall be started within 2 years from the time the loss or damage was
sustained and not afterwards. 6402.01 (01/20) 10 won on

ut express consent of
Who May Give Notice and Proofs of Claim

7. 



Result Category: AUTO Insurance
Result found in File: AUTO_PERSONAL AUTO PP 00 01 06 98_final.txt

Paragraph 1
D.	"Bodily injury" means bodily harm, sickness or disease, including death that results. E.	"Business" includes trade, profession or occupa- tion. F.	"Family member" means a person related to you by blood, marriage or adoption who is a resident of your household. This includes a ward or foster child. G.	"Occupying" means in, upon, getting in, on, out or off. H.	"Property damage" means physical injury to, de- struction of or loss of use of tangible property. I. "Trailer" means a vehicle designed to be pulled by a:
1. Private passenger auto; or
2. Pickup or van. It also means a farm wagon or farm implement while towed by a vehicle listed in 1. or 2. above. J. "Your covered auto" means:
1. Any vehicle shown in the Declarations. 2. 

Paragraph 5
4. For any auto or "trailer", other than "your cov- ered auto", any other person or organization but only with respect to legal responsibility for acts or omissions of you or any "family mem- ber" for whom coverage is afforded under this Part. This Provision (B.4.) applies only if the person or organization does not own or hire the auto or "trailer". In addition to our limit of liability, we will pay on be- half of an "insured":
1. Up to $250 for the cost of bail bonds required because of an accident, including related traf- fic law violations. The accident must result in "bodily injury" or "property damage" covered under this policy. 2. Premiums on appeal bonds and bonds to re- lease attachments in any suit we defend. 3. Interest accruing after a judgment is entered in any suit we defend. Our duty to pay interest ends when we offer to pay that part of the judgment which does not exceed our limit of li- ability for this coverage. 4. Up to $200 a day for loss of earnings, but not other income, because of attendance at hear- ings or trials at our request. 5. 



Result Category: AUTO Insurance
Result found in File: AUTO_PL-600003-87_final.txt

Paragraph 1
"We", "us" and "our" refer to the Company shown in the Declarations providing this in-
surance. 1. Any vehicle shown in the Declarations. C.	For purposes of this policy, a private passenger type auto shall be deemed to be owned by a
 
2. Any of the following types of vehicles on the date you become the owner:
 
person if leased:	a.   a private passenger auto; or
1. Under a written agreement to that person;	b. a pickup or van. and
This provision (J.2.) applies only if:
2. For a continuous period of at least 6	a. you acquire the vehicle during the months. policy period;
Other words and phrases are defined. They are in	b. you ask us to insure it within 30 days
quotation marks when used. after you become the owner; and
D.	"Bodily injury" means bodily harm, sickness or	c.	with respect to a pickup or van, no disease, including death that results. other insurance policy provides
 
E.	"Business" includes trade, profession or occupa- tion. coverage for that vehicle. If the vehicle you acquire replaces one shown in the Declarations, it will have the
 
F.	"Family member" means a person related to	same coverage as the vehicle it replaced. 



Result Category: PROPERTY Insurance
Result found in File: PROPERTY_5105072011_booklet.txt

Paragraph 21
Loss caused by the nuclear hazard will not be considered loss caused by FIRE, EXPLOSION or smoke, whether these perils are specifically named in or otherwise included within a cause of loss identified under WHAT LOSSES ARE COVERED – SECTION I. This policy does not apply under SECTION I to loss caused directly or indirectly by nuclear hazard, except that direct loss by fire resulting from the nuclear hazard is covered. g.	INCREASED HAZARD, meaning loss while the hazard is increased by any means within the control or knowledge of the insured. h.	INTENTIONAL LOSS, which is either expected or intended by any insured or which is the result of any insured’s intentional or criminal acts. Any insured is deemed to intend the natural and probable consequences of his or her actions. However, this exclusion will not apply to a victim of domestic violence when such coverage would otherwise be excluded under this provision if the insured:
(1)	files a police report; and
(2)	completes a sworn affidavit for the insurer that indicates both:
(a)	the cause of the loss; and
(b)	a pledge to cooperate in any criminal prosecution of the person committing the act causing this loss. If payment is made to a victim of domestic violence, payment to the victim of domestic violence shall be limited to such victim’s ownership interest in the property reduced by any payment to a mortgagee or other secured interest. However, we shall not be required to make any subsequent payment to any other insured for the part of any loss for which the victim of domestic violence has received payment. In no event will we pay more than the Limit of Liability. i.	INTERRUPTION OF POWER or other utility service if the cause of that interruption takes place away from the residence premises. We do cover loss resulting from or occurring as a consequence of any power or utility service interruption if the cause of that interruption is covered under SECTION I and occurs on the residence premises. j. COLLAPSE, other than as provided in provision 11. ABRUPT COLLAPSE of OTHER COVERAGES – SECTION I.

k.	FUNGI, WET OR DRY ROT OR BACTERIA, meaning any loss or cost resulting from, arising out of, caused by, consisting of, or related to, fungi, wet or dry rot, or bacteria. Such loss is excluded regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any sequence to the loss. 

Paragraph 24
2. Deductible
We will pay only when a loss covered under SECTION I or an expense covered under OTHER COVERAGES - SECTION I exceeds
the deductible shown in the declarations, and then we will pay only the amount exceeding the deductible. The deductible shall apply to all losses except losses paid under COVERAGE D – LOSS OF USE and the following provisions of OTHER COVERAGES - SECTION I:
 
3. FIRE DEPARTMENT SERVICE CHARGE
5. LOCKS
9. REFRIGERATED FOOD SPOILAGE
10.	CREDIT CARD, FUND TRANSFER CARD, FORGERY AND COUNTERFEIT MONEY

With respect to any one loss, if two or more deductibles under this policy apply to the loss, only the highest deductible amount will apply. 3. Loss Settlement
a. We will settle covered losses to COVERAGE C – PERSONAL PROPERTY at replacement cost. Replacement cost will also apply to the following articles or classes of property if they are separately described and specifically insured in this policy:
(1)	jewelry;
(2)	furs and garments trimmed with fur or consisting principally of fur;
(3)	cameras, projection machines, films and related articles of equipment;
(4)	musical equipment and related articles of equipment;
(5)	silverware, silver-plated ware, goldware, gold-plated ware and pewterware, but excluding pens, pencils, flasks, smoking implements or jewelry; and
(6)	golfer’s equipment meaning golf clubs, golf clothing and golf equipment. Replacement cost will not apply to other classes of property separately described and specifically insured. We will pay no more than the least of the following amounts:
(1)	replacement cost at the time of loss without deduction for depreciation;
(2)	the full cost of repair at the time of loss;
(3)	the limit of liability that applies to COVERAGE C – PERSONAL PROPERTY, if applicable;
 
(4)	any applicable special limits of liability stated in this policy; or
(5)	for loss to any item separately described and specifically insured in this policy, the limit of liability that applies to the item. When the replacement cost for the entire loss is more than $2,500, we will pay no more than the actual cash value for the loss or damage until the actual repair or replacement is complete. You may make a claim for loss on an actual cash value basis and then make a claim within 180 days after the loss for any additional liability in accordance with this endorsement. b. 

Paragraph 27
a. Notification must be given promptly:
(1)	to us;
(2)	in case of theft, to the police; and
(3)	in case of loss under the CREDIT CARD or FUND TRANSFER CARD coverage, to the credit card or fund transfer card company. b. Any insured must:
(1)	protect the property from further damage;
(2)	take reasonable and necessary measures required to protect the property; and
(3)	keep an accurate record of the cost of these measures. c.	Any insured must prepare and submit to us within 60 days of the loss an inventory of damaged or destroyed personal property showing in detail the quantity, description, date of acquisition, acquisition cost, fair market value, replacement cost or the replacement cost less depreciation, as applicable to the property, and the amount of loss claimed. All bills, receipts and related documents that substantiate the figures in the inventory must be attached to the inventory. d.	Any insured   must   as   often   as   we
reasonably require:
(1)	make the damaged property available for our inspection;
(2)	provide us with records and documents we request, and permit us to make copies;
(3)	submit to examinations under oath, not in the presence of any other insured, and sign and return to us the transcript of such examinations; and
(4)	answer oral or written interrogatories. e.	You and any insured must, within 60 days after our request, submit to us your signed, sworn proof of loss providing us with:
(1)	information on:
 
(a)	the time and cause of loss;
(b)	the interest of any insured and of all others in the property involved, and all liens on the property;
(c)	other insurance which may cover the loss;
(d)	changes in title, use, occupancy, location, possession of or exposure to the property during the term of the policy; and
(e)	specifications and plans of any damaged or destroyed building or fixture, and detailed estimates for repair of the damage and the amount of any encumbrances;
(2)	an inventory of damaged or destroyed personal property as described in c. above;
(3)	receipts for additional living expenses incurred; and
(4)	evidence or affidavit supporting a claim under the CREDIT CARD, FUND TRANSFER CARD, FORGERY AND COUNTERFEIT MONEY coverage, stating the amount and cause of loss. f.	Any insured must help us and cooperate with us in the investigation of any claim presented under this policy. 5. Loss to a Pair or Set
In case of loss to a pair or set, we may elect to:
a.	repair or replace any part to restore the pair or set to its value before the loss; or
b.	pay the difference between the value established for the property under Condition 3. Loss Settlement before and after the loss. 6. Glass Replacement
We will replace glass damaged in a loss covered under SECTION I with safety glazing material when required by ordinance or law. 7. 

Paragraph 30
Mortgage Clause
The word mortgagee includes trustee. If a mortgagee is named in this policy, any loss payable under COVERAGE A or COVERAGE B shall be paid to the mortgagee and you, as interests appear. If more than one mortgagee is named, the order of payment shall be the same as the order or precedence of the mortgages. If we deny your claim, that denial shall not apply to a valid, covered claim of the mortgagee if the mortgagee:
a.	notifies us promptly of any change in ownership, occupancy or substantial change in risk of which the mortgagee is aware including any and all foreclosure proceedings involving the residence premises;
b.	pays any premium due under this policy when notified if you have neglected to pay the premium; and
c.	submits a signed, sworn proof of loss within 60 calendar days after we notify the mortgagee of your failure to submit the required proof of loss. Policy conditions relating to Other Insurance, Suits Against Us and Loss Payment apply to the mortgagee. If the policy is cancelled or nonrenewed by us, the mortgagee shall be notified at least 10 calendar days before the date cancellation or nonrenewal will become effective. If we pay the mortgagee for any loss and deny payment to you:
a.	we are subrogated to all the rights of the mortgagee granted under the mortgage on the property, so we may recover such payment from you; or
b.	at our option, we may pay to the mortgagee the lesser of the principal and interest due on the note on the date of loss or the amount payable under Condition 3. Loss Settlement; or
c.	we may pay to the mortgagee the whole principal on the mortgage plus any accrued interest. In this event, we shall receive a full assignment and transfer of the mortgage and all securities held as collateral to the mortgage debt. Subrogation shall not impair the right of the mortgagee to recover the full amount of the mortgagee's claim. 14. No Benefit to Bailee
We will not recognize any assignment or grant any coverage that benefits a person or organization holding, storing or moving property for a fee regardless of any other provision of this policy. 15. Recovered Property
If you or we recover any property for which we have made payment under this policy, you or we will notify the other of the recovery. At your option, the property will be returned to or retained by you or it will become our property. 

Paragraph 33
(3)	Acts or omissions committed by or at the direction of any insured while under the influence of any drug. This exclusion does not apply to any acts or omissions committed while under the influence of any prescription drug legally dispensed in the U.S.A. and taken under the lawful order of and in compliance with the instructions of a health care professional licensed in the U.S.A.
b.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of any premises other than an insured location owned by or rented or leased to any insured. c.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of or in connection with any business of any insured. This exclusion does not apply:
(1)	to the renting, leasing or holding for rental or lease of a residence of yours on an occasional basis, not exceeding 21 days during any one policy period, for the use only as a residence;
(2)	to the renting, leasing or holding for rental or lease of a residence of yours
 
in part, for the use as a residence by no more than two roomers or boarders; or
(3)	to the renting, leasing or holding for rental or lease for use as a residence of that part of your dwelling on the residence premises that you do not occupy. This applies only if the dwelling is a two family dwelling. d.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of the rendering of or failing to render professional services. e.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of the manufacture, sale, delivery or transfer of any drug by any person. f.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of the ownership, maintenance, use, loading	or	unloading	of	motorized vehicles, including trailers of any type. This exclusion does not apply to:
(1)	trailers not towed by, attached to or carried on motorized vehicles;
(2)	motorized vehicles:
(a)	designed to assist and used by the physically handicapped if:
(i)	not subject to motorized vehicle registration; and
(ii)	not designed, constructed or altered for travel on public roads;
(b)	stored on an insured location and inoperable;
(c)	used exclusively on an insured location;
(d)	designed for recreational use off public roads, not subject to motorized vehicle registration and not owned by any insured;
(e)	motorized golf carts not licensed and not required to be licensed for highway use; or
(f)	off an insured location and the
motorized vehicle is:
(i)	designed as a toy vehicle for use by children under thirteen years of age;
 
(ii)	powered by one or more batteries; and
(iii)	not built or modified after manufacture to exceed a speed of five miles per hour on level ground. g.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of the ownership, maintenance, use, loading or unloading of watercraft:
(1)	exceeding 26 feet 5 inches in overall length;
(2)	powered by any inboard, jet-drive or inboard/outboard motor, and owned by, rented or leased to any insured;
(3)	powered by any inboard, jet-drive or inboard/outboard motor exceeding 50 horsepower, and owned by, rented or leased to any insured; or
(4)	powered by one or more outboard motors with a total of 25 or more horsepower, and owned by, rented or leased to any insured. This exclusion does not apply while the watercraft is on an insured location or stored on land elsewhere. h.	Arising out of the ownership, maintenance, use, loading or unloading of an aircraft. An aircraft means any contrivance used or designed for flight, except model or hobby aircraft not used or designed to carry people or cargo;
i.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of any insured's:
(1)	entrustment to any other person;
(2)	vicarious parental liability, whether or not imposed by law, for the actions of a child or minor relating to the operation, maintenance, loading or unloading; or
(3)	supervision of any other person in the operation, maintenance, loading or unloading;
of any motorized vehicle, including trailers of any type, or of any watercraft or aircraft not covered under SECTION II. j. Caused directly or indirectly by war, including the following and any consequence of any of the following:
(1)	undeclared war, civil war, insurrection, rebellion or revolution;
(2)	warlike act by a military force or military personnel; or
(3)	destruction, seizure or use for a military purpose. 

Paragraph 34
Discharge of a nuclear weapon will be deemed a warlike act even if accidental. k.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of, in connection with, aggravated by, or consisting of pollutants. l.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of exposure to lead paint or other lead- based products. m.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of exposure to asbestos. n.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of the ownership of, custody of, or care for the following pure or mixed breed dogs:
(1)	Pit Bull (also known as an American Pit Bull Terrier, an American Staffordshire Terrier, or a Staffordshire Bull Terrier);
(2)	Rottweiler; or
(3)	Canary Dog (also known as a Presa Canario or a Perro de Presa Canario);
o.	Bodily injury arising out of the transmission by any person of any disease or of any organisms or agents capable of causing such disease through:
(1)	personal physical contact of any person with any other person; or
(2)	the transmission of any person’s body fluids to any other person. p.	Bodily injury arising out of actual, alleged or threatened:
(1)	sexual misconduct, including but not limited to sexual harassment, sexual abuse and sexual molestation;
(2)	corporal punishment; or
(3)	physical, emotional or mental abuse; whether or not committed with the intent to produce bodily injury. q.	Bodily injury or property damage consisting of, arising out of, caused by, contributed to, aggravated by or resulting from, whether directly or indirectly, by fungi, wet or dry rot, or bacteria. This includes:
(1)	the cost of remediation, testing, monitoring, abating, mitigating, removing or disposing of fungi, wet or dry rot, or bacteria;
(2)	any supervision, instruction, disclosures, or failures to disclose, recommendations, warnings, or advice given, or that allegedly should have been given, in connection with bodily injury or property damage consisting of, arising out of, caused by, contributed to, aggravated by or resulting from, whether directly or indirectly, by fungi, wet or dry rot, or bacteria, of the activities described in
(1) above;
(3)	any obligation to share damages, losses, costs, payments or expenses with or repay someone else who must make payment because of such bodily injury or property damage, damages, loss, cost, payment or expense; and
(4)	liability imposed upon any insured by any governmental authority for bodily injury or property damage consisting of, arising out of, caused by, contributed to, aggravated by or resulting from, whether directly or indirectly, by fungi, wet or dry rot, or bacteria. r.	Liability imposed for punitive damages. s.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of the liability assumed by the insured under any contract or agreement except any indemnity obligation assumed by the insured under a written contract directly relating to the ownership, maintenance or use of the residence premises. t.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of the liability for claims made against
 
any insured arising out of the sale or transfer of the insured premises or other real estate including, but not limited to, any claims made against any insured for fraud, misrepresentation (negligent or otherwise), failure to disclose or any other claim made against any insured arising out of the sale or transfer of real estate. u.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of failure to supervise or the negligent supervision of a person that results in one or more of the excluded events in e., o. and
p. above. v.	Bodily injury or property damage arising out of any written or oral statement made by you or others on your behalf which is material to any financial transaction. 2. Under COVERAGE E we do not cover:
a.	Bodily injury to you or any insured within the meaning of part 1. or 2. of insured as defined, or anyone residing in your household. 

Paragraph 35
b.	Bodily injury to any person when the ultimate benefits of indemnification accrue directly or indirectly to you or any insured within the meaning of part 1. or 2. of insured as defined, or anyone residing in your household. c.	Bodily injury or property damage if insurance is or can be afforded under any nuclear energy liability policy. d.	Bodily injury to any person who qualifies to receive any benefits required to be provided or voluntarily provided by any insured under any:
(1)	workers' compensation law;
(2)	non-occupational disability law; or
(3)	occupational disease law. e.	Property damage to property owned by any insured or any other resident of your household. f.	Property damage to any property:
(1)	rented or leased to;
(2)	occupied or used by; or
(3)	in the care, custody or control of;
 
any insured, unless the property damage
is caused by fire, smoke or explosion. g.	Liability:
(1)	for any loss assessment charged against you as a member of an association, corporation or community of property owners; or
(2)	under any contract or agreement. We do cover liability for written contracts that directly relate to the ownership, maintenance or use of an insured location unless excluded in
(1) above or elsewhere in this policy. h.	Bodily injury that results from emotional distress arising out of economic loss including, but not limited to, contractual or employment-related disputes. i. The fees and costs charged by any lawyer retained by any insured in any suit. 3. Under COVERAGE F we do not cover bodily injury:
a. To you or any other person residing on any part of an insured location, except residence employees. b. To a residence employee if the bodily injury:
(1)	occurs off the insured location; and
(2)	does not arise out of or in the course of the	residence	employee's employment by an insured. 

Paragraph 37
We
 
will not pay for first aid to you or any other
insured. 3. DAMAGE TO PROPERTY OF OTHERS
We will pay on a replacement cost basis up to
$500 per occurrence for property damage to property of others if that damage is caused by any insured. We will not pay for property damage:
a. To the extent of any amount recoverable under SECTION I of this policy. b. Which is either expected or intended by an insured age 13 or older or which is the result of an insured’s intentional or criminal act when the insured is age 13 or older Any insured age 13 or older is deemed to intend the natural and probable consequence of his/her actions. c.	To property owned by or rented or leased to any insured, any other resident of your household or a tenant of any insured. d.	Arising out of or in connection with any
insured's business. e.	Arising out of any acts or omissions in connection with a premises, other than an insured location, that is owned by, controlled by, rented to, or leased to any insured. f.	Arising out of the ownership, maintenance, use, loading, or unloading of any vehicle. This includes motorized vehicles, trailers, watercraft, or aircraft, of any type. This exclusion does not apply to motorized vehicles designed for recreational use off public roads, not subject to motorized vehicle registration and not owned by any insured. g.	Arising out of any insured's:
(1)	entrustment to any other person;
(2)	vicarious parental liability, whether or not imposed by statute, for the actions of a child or minor relating to the maintenance, use, loading or unloading; or
 
(3)	supervision of any person in the maintenance, use, loading or unloading;
of motorized vehicles, including trailers of any type, watercraft or aircraft. h.	Arising out of the ownership of, custody of, or the care for a pure or mixed breed American pit bull terrier (also known as an American Staffordshire terrier, pit bull terrier or pit bull), Rottweiler or Canary (also known as a Presa Canario or a Perro de Presa Canario) dog. 

Paragraph 39
COVERAGE F is the most we will pay for all medical expenses because of bodily injury to one person as the result of any one accident. 2. Duties After Loss
a. In the event of any occurrence, we must be notified promptly and informed of the time, place and circumstances of the occurrence, including the names and addresses of persons involved, injured persons and witnesses. b. Any insured must immediately forward to us every notice, demand, summons or other process relating to the accident or occurrence. c.	Any insured shall cooperate with us in the investigation of any claim and shall, at our request:
(1)	attend depositions, hearings and trials;
(2)	assist in:
(a)	making settlements;
(b)	securing and giving evidence;
(c)	obtaining the attendance of witnesses; and
(d)	the conduct of suits;
(3)	submit to examinations under oath; and
(4)	authorize us to obtain any documentation we reasonably require in investigating any claim. d.	Insureds shall not, except at their own cost, voluntarily:
(1)	make any payment or assume any obligation; or
(2)	incur any expense other than for first aid to others at the time of bodily injury. e.	Under provision 3. DAMAGE TO PROPERTY OF OTHERS of ADDITIONAL
 
PAYMENTS – SECTION II, any insured
shall, within 60 days after the loss:
(1)	give us a sworn statement of loss; and
(2)	make the damaged property available for our inspection, if the property is within the insured’s control. 3. Duties of an Injured Person – COVERAGE F
a. Any injured person or someone acting on behalf of the injured person shall:
(1)	promptly give us written proof of any claim and any further information requested by us, under oath if required; and
(2)	execute authorizations to allow us to obtain any records or documentation we reasonably require. b. Any injured person shall, when and as often as we reasonably require, submit to physical examinations by physicians we choose. 



Result Category: PROPERTY Insurance
Result found in File: PROPERTY_BRIT-PO-Policy-Wording-May-2016-1_final.txt

Paragraph 3
Fixed glass and mirrors in or at the Insured Premises;
2. Frames or framework which require to be removed to replace the glass
3. Window alarm foil, ornamental glass, lettering and silvering;
4. Fixed external signs including neon signs;

being the property of the Insured or for which the Insured is responsible. H
Hacking
means unauthorised access to any computer or other equipment or component or system or item which processes, stores or retrieves data, whether or not the property of the Insured. Hazardous
Hazardous means any substance other than ammonia that has been declared to be hazardous to health by a governmental agency. I
Incident
means the event directly causing the Loss or Damage insured under this Policy . Indemnity Period
means the period beginning with the occurrence of the Incident and ending not later than the end of the Maximum Indemnity Period thereafter during which the results of the Business shall be affected in consequence of the Incident. Injury
means bodily injury, death, disease, illness, nervous shock, mental injury or mental anguish. Insured/ You/Your/Yours
means the Insured as specified in the Schedule. Insured Person
means any partner, director or employee of the Insured whose usual place of employment is at the Insured Premises or as otherwise specified in the Schedule. Insured Premises
means the location(s) as specified in the Schedule or in any Endorsement(s) used by the Insured for the purposes of the Business. Insurer/ We/Us/Our
means Brit Syndicate 2987 at Lloyd’s. Intruder Alarm System
means an electrical installation to detect and indicate the presence, entry or attempted entry of an intruder into the Insured Premises. L
Legal Costs
means

1.	costs of legal representation at:
A	any coroners inquest or fatal accident inquiry in respect of any death;
B	proceedings in any court arising out of any alleged breach of statutory duty resulting in any
Occurrence;
which may be the subject of indemnity under Sections 4 and 5 of this Policy;
 
2.	all other legal costs and expenses in relation to any Occurrence which may form the subject of a claim for indemnity under Sections 4 and 5 of this Policy;
incurred with the written consent of the Insurer. 

Paragraph 11
The basis upon which the amount payable is to be calculated shall be the amount of the utility or heating oil charges for the period during which Damage occurs, less the charge made to the Insured for the corresponding period in the preceding year, adjusted for changes in suppliers’ charges and for variations affecting the utility and/or heating oil consumption of the Insured during the intervening period. The Insurer’s liability under this extension is limited to GBP 10,000 any one Occurrence and in the aggregate. 18. Mortgagees Freeholders and Lessors
It is agreed that mortgagees, freeholders and lessors shall not be prejudiced by any increase in the risk of Damage resulting from any act of negligence of any mortgagor, leaseholder, lessee or occupier of any Building(s) insured by this Section, provided such increase in risk is without their prior knowledge or authority and that the Insurer are notified immediately they become aware of such increase in risk. 19. Other Interests
In the event of the Insured having property under the terms of any hire purchase or similar form of agreement, then the interest of such parties and the nature and extent of such interest shall be noted in this insurance, subject to prior notification to the Insurer. 20. Reinstatement to match
The Insurance under this Section extends to include the cost of replacement or modification of undamaged parts of the Buildings that may be necessary to be incurred to adapt it to operate in conjunction with the parts of the Building being replaced, repaired or restored. Provided always that the Insurer’s liability will in no case exceed the Sub-Limit shown in the Schedule or the amount that would have been payable had the such property been completely destroyed, whichever is the lesser. 21. Removal of Wasp Nests and/or Vermin
This insurance is extended to pay for the cost of removal wasp nests, vermin infestation and similar pest control measures from the Insured Premises provided the Insurer’s liability under this extension is limited to GBP 2,500 any one Occurrence. 22. Replacement of Locks
This Section extends to include costs incurred by the Insured as a result of the necessary replacement of locks or changing of alarm codes, if any of the keys to or access codes of the Insured Premises are accidentally lost or stolen from the Insured Premises or from the homes of principals, partners, directors or authorised Persons Employed provided that
A	the keys or the access codes are capable of being easily identified as keys/access codes to the Insured Premises,
B	if such keys relate to a safe or strong-room, they shall not be left on the Insured Premises outside the
Insured’s normal business hours. The liability of the Insurer under this extension shall not exceed GBP 1,500 any one Occurrence. 23. 

Paragraph 12
Temporary Removal
This Section extends to cover Contents whilst temporarily removed elsewhere on the same or to any other premises within the Territorial Limits (including the private homes of directors, partners and authorised Persons Employed) for storage, cleaning, renovation, repair or similar reasons and in transit thereto and therefrom by road, rail or inland waterway provided always that
A	the Insurer’s liability shall not exceed 25% of the Sum Insured of Contents at which the Incident occurs any one
Occurrence; and
B	the Insurer shall not be liable for losses insured under any other policy or recoverable under other parts of this Policy. 24. Temporary Removal of Documents
Deeds and other documents (including stamps thereon), manuscripts, plans and writings of every description and books (written and printed) are insured whilst temporarily removed to any premises, not being the Insured’s Premises or premises in the Insured’s occupation, including in transit thereto and therefrom all within the Territorial Limits provided that the Insurer’s liability under this Extension is limited to an amount not exceeding GBP 2,500 any one Occurrence. 25. Trace and Access
In the event of Damage during the Period of Insurance arising from escape of water or fuel oil from any tank, apparatus or pipe, the Insurer agree to indemnify the Insured in respect of
A	costs necessarily and reasonably incurred by the Insured in locating the source of such Damage, and
B	in making good Damage caused as a consequence of locating such source; and
C	the replacement of any fuel oil lost as a consequence of locating such source,
Provided that the Insurer’s liability under this extension is limited to GBP 10,000 any one Occurrence and in the aggregate. 26. Transfer of Interest
It is agreed that if at the time of Damage to any Building(s) insured by this Section, the Insured has contracted to sell their interest in such Building(s) but the purchase has not been completed although intended to be completed thereafter, then, the purchaser, on the completion of the purchase, shall be entitled to the benefit of this Section so far as it relates to such Damage, but only up until the date of completion. provided that:
A	the rights and liabilities of the Insured or the Insurer under this Section are not prejudiced; and
B	the property is not otherwise insured by or on behalf of the purchaser against such Damage. 27. Tree Removal
This insurance is extended to insure the cost of lopping, felling or clearance of fallen trees or branches which affect the Insured’s Premises or the safety of or access to the Insured Premises provided the Insurer’s liability under this Extension is limited to GBP1,000 any one Occurrence. 28. Unauthorised Use of Electricity, Gas or Water
This Section is extended to include the cost of metered electricity, gas or water for which the Insured is legally responsible arising from its unauthorised use by persons taking possession of or occupying the Insured Premises without the Insured’s authority. Provided that:
A	the Insurer’s maximum liability under this Extension shall not exceed GBP 5,000 any one Occurrence;
B	the Insured shall take all practical steps to terminate such unauthorised use as soon as it is discovered. 29. Unrecoverable VAT
This Section is extended to include Value Added Tax paid by the Insured in respect of Buildings (including self supply Value Added Tax), which is not subsequently recoverable. 

Paragraph 15
If the Insurer opts to suspend cover, such cover will only be reinstated after the defects have been remedied and the remedied situation is approved by the Insurer. 8. Maintenance of fire extinguishers
It is agreed as a condition to the Insurer’s liability under this Section that the Insured will:
A	inspect the appliances regularly for the purposes of ascertaining that they are maintained in proper working order and keep a written record thereof;
B	remedy any defect promptly, whether disclosed by any such inspection or otherwise. 9. Non-invalidation
The Insurance under this Section shall not be invalidated by any act or omission or by any alteration whereby the risk of Damage is increased unknown to or beyond the control of the Insured, provided that the Insured shall give notice to the Insurer as soon as reasonably practicable after such act or omission or alteration comes to the notice of the Insured and shall pay any additional premium required by the Insurer. 10. Seventy Two Hours Clause
In the event of Damage caused by storm, tempest, flood, earthquake or storm during any one Period of Insurance, an Occurrence with regard to such Damage shall be limited to seventy two (72) consecutive hours for the purposes of this Section. If the duration of the Incident extends to beyond seventy two (72) consecutive hours, then the Insured may decide to divide that Incident into two (2) or more Occurrences. The Insured may chose when of the periods commence provided that:
A	no period commences prior to the inception date and the date of the Incident;
B	no two (2) periods overlap; and
C	should any such period extend beyond the expiry or cancellation date, the Insurer shall be liable as if such period had fallen entirely within the period of insurance of the policy. 11. Statutory requirements and maintenance
The Insurer shall, at their own expense:
A	cease any activity which may give rise to liability under this Policy;
B	maintain all Buildings, furnishings, ways, works machinery, car\vans and vehicles in sound condition;
C	exercise care in selection and supervision of Persons Employed;
D	remedy defects or danger as soon as possible after discovery and in the meantime, take such additional precautions as the circumstances may require; and
E	comply with statutory requirement and other safety regulations imposed by any authority. 12. Subrogation Waiver
In the event of a claim arising under this Policy, the Insurer agrees to waive any rights, remedies or relief which they might become entitled to by subrogation against:
A	any Company standing in the relation of parent to Subsidiary (or subsidiary to parent) of the Insured; or
B	any Company which is a subsidiary of a  parent Company of which the Insured themselves are  a subsidiary;
in each case within the meaning of the Companies Act(s). C	any tenant of the Insured Premises provided that:
i)	the Damage did not result from a criminal, fraudulent, malicious act or gross negligence of the tenant; and
ii)	the tenant contributes to the cost of insuring the property insured against the event which caused
Damage;
D	Managing agents employed or engaged to collect rent on behalf of the Insured. 13. 

Paragraph 28
6. Employment Practice Liability
directly or indirectly occasioned by, happening through or in consequence of any claim for breach of employment contract, defamation, discrimination and/or harassment and/or in relation to the hiring, supervision, retention and/or personal development of any director and/or partner of the Insured and/or Person Employed however arising. 7. Excess
for the amount of the Excess specified in each operative Section. 8. Fees for intervention
any payments raised under the Health and Safety (Fees) Regulations 2012 relating to ‘Fees for intervention’. 9. Financial loss
directly or indirectly, for pure economic loss not ensuing from Injury, Damage, Nuisance or Personal Injury
covered in this Policy;

10. Fines, Liquidated Damages, Penalty Clauses and Performance Warranties
for fines, liquidated damages clauses, penalty clauses or performance warranties. 11. Inhalation of Asbestos
directly or indirectly caused by, or contributed to by, or arising from work involving the manufacture, processing, mining, use, storage, installation, handling, removal, stripping out, demolition, transportation or disposal of asbestos, asbestos dust, asbestos fibres or materials containing asbestos fibre. However, where such activities do not form any part of the Insured’s normal activities this Exclusion shall not apply to legal liability arising from:
A	the accidental discovery of materials known or suspected to be asbestos or to contain asbestos fibre;
B	the investigation of any such suspect materials; provided always that:
i	immediately upon discovery as defined in A above, all work ceases until the composition of all such materials is established;
ii	any subsequent handling, removal, stripping out, demolition, transportation or disposal of asbestos or materials containing asbestos fibre requiring license is carried out by qualified licensed subcontractors on terms which indemnify the Insured for liability arising out of such work;
other than in respect of Employers’ Liability where the total amount payable by the Insurer under Section 5including all Extensions in respect of or arising from any one claim or series of claims against legal liability
 
incurred by the Insured arising out of one Occurrence shall not exceed GBP 5,000,000. 12. Loss of use
for loss or reduction of use to property without Damage to such property. 13. 

Paragraph 40
If any claim made under this Policy by the Insured or anyone acting on behalf of the Insured is fraudulent or intentionally exaggerated or if any false declaration or statement shall be made in support thereof, all benefit under this Policy shall be forfeited. In the event of innocent or negligent misinformation or misrepresentation, mis-description or non- disclosure, the Insurer’s reserve the right to proportionately reduce the claim payment to reflect the amount that would have been paid had the Insurer been made aware of the information. 15. Investigation Rights following a Claim
On the happening of any Incident in respect of which a claim is or may be made under this Policy, the Insurer (and every person authorised by them) shall have the right, without thereby incurring any liability or diminishing their right to rely on any condition of this Insurance, to enter the premises where the Incident has occurred, and to take and keep possession of any of the Property Insured (or require it to be delivered to them) for investigative purposes, and to deal with any salvage in a reasonable manner. No
 
claim under this Policy shall be payable unless the terms of this Condition have been complied with. This condition shall be evidence of permission from the Insured to the Insurer so to do. If the Insured or anyone acting on behalf of the Insured shall not comply with the requirements of the Insurer or shall hinder or shall obstruct the Insurer in doing any of the above mentioned acts then all benefit under this Policy shall be forfeited. 16. Long Term Undertaking
The discount as specified in the Schedule is allowed off the premiums for this Policy as a whole or specific Sections of this Policy as noted in the Schedule in consideration of the Insured having given an undertaking expiring on the date as specified in the Schedule, to offer annually to the Insurer the insurance under this Policy on the limits, terms, conditions and exclusions in force at the expiry of each Period of Insurance and to pay the premium annually in advance, it being understood that:
A	the Insurer shall be under no obligation to accept an offer made in accordance with the above- mentioned undertaking;
B	where appropriate the Sum Insured may be reduced at any time to correspond with any reduction in value or in the Business. 17. Non aggregation
In the event a claim involves indemnity under more that one Section of this policy, the Insured shall be entitled to indemnification under only that Section providing more specific cover with regard to that claim or the Section with the highest limit with respect to that claim. 18. Observance of Terms and Right of Recovery
Observance of the terms of this Policy relating to anything to be done or complied with by the Insured is a condition precedent to any liability of the Insurer, except in so far as is necessary to comply with the requirements of any legislation enacted in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man relating to the compulsory insurance of legal liability to Persons Employed. The Insured shall repay to the Insurer all sums paid under of this Policy, with special reference to the Section 5 Employers’ Liability section, which the Insurer would not have been liable to pay but for the provisions of such legislation. 19. 

Paragraph 42
Subrogation
Any claimant under this Policy shall, at the request and expense of the Insurer, take and permit to be taken all necessary steps for enforcing rights and remedies against any other party in the name of the Insured, whether such steps are or become necessary before or after any payment is made by the Insurer. 26. Subrogation Waiver
Notwithstanding the subrogation condition above, in the event of a claim arising under this Policy the Insurer agree to waive any rights, remedies or relief to which they might become entitled by subrogation against:
A	any Company standing in the relation of parent to Subsidiary (or subsidiary to parent) of the
Insured; or
B	any Company which is a subsidiary of a parent Company of which the Insured themselves are a subsidiary;
in each case within the meaning of the Companies Act(s). Further Information
Data Protection Act 1998
In order to assess the terms of the insurance contract or administer claims that arise, We may need to collect data that the Data Protection Act defines as personal or sensitive. All data collected, including personal and sensitive data, will be kept secure at all times in accordance with the provisions of Data Protection Act 1998. We will also monitor and record Our communication with You for compliance and training purposes. Where You provide Us with personal or sensitive data relating to another person, You will be responsible for ensuring that the person to whom the data pertains is informed of Our identity and the purpose and processes for which their information is disclosed. Personal information will be stored electronically and used for administration, risk assessment, research and statistical purposes and for crime prevention. Personal information may be disclosed to
a)	Our members, our agents or service providers,
b)	other insurance entities interested in the risk written under this policy,
c)	credit reference and fraud databases;
d)	law enforcement agencies and statutory bodies. Where we provide cover to you under the Employers’ Liability (Compulsory Insurance) Regulations 1998, we are required by regulation to maintain a database and add details of all the companies and subsidiaries covered to the Employers’ Liability Tracing Office database. In certain circumstances, for example for systems administration purposes, We may have to transfer Your information to another country, which may be a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We will ensure that such transfers outside the European Economic Area comply with the data protection law and that the information is kept secure and protected from unauthorised access. If you knowingly provide us with false or inaccurate information and We suspect You of fraud, We will record our suspicions and make the information available on databases recording suspected fraudulent behaviour which other organisations will have access to. By proceeding with this contract You signify Your consent to such information being processed by Us or Our agents and that You are agreeable for Us to transfer Your information to a country outside the EEA. Should You wish to receive a copy of the information We hold on You, or wish to correct any inaccuracies in Your information or have any queries in relation to Your information , please contact:

Data Protection Officer
Brit Syndicate 2987 at Lloyd’s 55 Bishopsgate
London EC2N 3AS
 


Financial Services Compensation Scheme

We are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). 



Result Category: PROPERTY Insurance
Result found in File: PROPERTY_complete-property-owner-policy-wording-policies-incepting-or-renewing-from-010418-acom686-11_final.txt

Paragraph 4
All Other Contents
Any contents that are not Contents of Common Parts, including
•	deeds, documents, manuscripts and business books, but only for the cost of the materials and clerical labour incurred in reproducing such records
•	computer systems records, but only for the cost of the materials and of clerical labour and computer time incurred in reproducing such records, for an amount not exceeding £10,000 in total and so far as they are not otherwise insured
•	partners’, directors’ and employees’ personal effects of every description (other than motor vehicles) whilst at the Premises, for an amount not exceeding £500 for any one person. Building/Buildings                             The buildings at the Premises being, unless more specifically described, built mainly of brick, stone, concrete or other non-combustible materials, including:
•	fixed glass, fixed sanitaryware, walls, gates and fences in, on or pertaining to the buildings
•	telephone, gas, water and electric instruments, meters, piping, cabling and the like and their accessories in, on or pertaining to the buildings including such property in adjoining yards or roadways or underground at the Premises and extending to the public mains
•	fuel tanks and their ancillary equipment, pipework and the like at the Premises
•	small outside buildings, annexes, gangways, conveniences and other small structures at the Premises
•	roads, car parks, yards, paved areas, hard-surfaced areas, pavements and footpaths at the Premises. Business
The business description stated in the Schedule. Contents
Contents of Common Parts and All Other Contents
Contents             of             Common             Parts Fitted carpets, furnishings and other contents in reception and storage areas and other communal parts of the Buildings including
•	the contents of fuel tanks at the Premises
•	portable communal property in the open grounds of and used in connection with the Buildings. Excess
The first part of each and every claim, for which the Insured is responsible
Flat/Flats                                                                    A self contained unit of residential accommodation forming part of the Building. Insured
The insured name as shown in the Schedule
Insurer
Allianz Insurance plc
Landlord’s                  Fixturesand                  Fittings Fixtures and fittings in, or on, the Premises which belong to the landlord. This includes communal television and radio receiving aerials, satellite dishes and related fittings on or in residential Premises. Period                          of                          Insurance The period from the Effective Date to the Renewal Date as shown in the Schedule
Policy
The documents described in the Introduction
Premises
Address as stated in the Schedule
Property/Property                                         Insured Buildings, Contents of Common Parts, All Other Contents, Landlord’s Fixtures and Fittings, Tenants’ Improvements and other Property belonging to the Insured or for which the Insured is responsible, as shown and/or described in the Schedule. The Insurer agrees to accept the heading under which any Property or other item has been entered in the books of the Insured. Resident                                   The owner, lessee or tenant of any self contained unit of residential accommodation forming part of the Building and/or members of their household
Schedule                                     The part of this Policy that details information forming part of this contract and that shows the Sections of this Policy selected
Section/Sections                                                      The parts of this Policy that detail the insurance cover provided for each individual section of this Policy
Sum                                                        Insured Maximum amount the Insurer will pay for each item insured under any Section
Tenants’                       Improvements Permanent alterations or additions made to the Building/Buildings by either the landlord or tenant which are not moveable, including interior decorations. Total Sum Insured
The total amount the Insurer will pay under any Section
Unoccupied                                                                  Any Building or part of any Building which is unfurnished or untenanted or no longer in active use for a period exceeding 45 consecutive days
 


Policy Conditions



 

Applicable unless stated to the contrary under the conditions in the Sections
1 Fair Presentation of the Risk
a	The Insured must make a fair presentation of the risk to the Insurer at inception, renewal and variation of the Policy. b	The Insurer may avoid the Policy and refuse to pay any claims where any failure to make a fair presentation is:
i	deliberate or reckless; or
ii	of such other nature that, if the Insured had made a fair presentation, the Insurer would not have issued the Policy. The Insurer will return the premium paid by the Insured unless the failure to make a fair presentation is deliberate or reckless. c	If the Insurer would have issued the Policy on different terms had the Insured made a fair presentation, the Insurer will not avoid the Policy (except where the failure is deliberate or reckless) but the Insurer may instead:
i	reduce proportionately the amount paid or payable on any claim, the proportion for which the Insurer is liable being calculated by comparing the premium actually charged as a percentage of the premium which the Insurer would have charged had the Insured made a fair presentation; and/or
ii	treat the Policy as if it had included such additional terms (other than those requiring payment of premium) as the Insurer would have imposed had the Insured made a fair presentation. For the purposes of this condition references to:
a	avoiding a Policy means treating the Policy as if it had not existed from the inception date (where the failure to make a fair presentation of the risk occurs before or at the inception of the Policy), the renewal date (where the failure occurs at renewal of the Policy), or the variation date (where the failure occurs when the Policy is varied);
b	refunds of premium should be treated as refunds of premium back to the inception date, renewal date or variation date as the context requires;
c	issuing a Policy should be treated as references to issuing the Policy at inception, renewing or varying the Policy as the context requires. 

Paragraph 8
To the extent that this condition conflicts with any other cancellation condition, this condition shall prevail. 15	Other Insurances
If at the time of Damage, loss or injury, any other insurance has been effected by or on behalf of the Insured covering any of the Property damaged or other losses covered by this Policy, the Insurer's liability under this Policy shall be limited to the rateable proportion of such Damage or loss as the Insurer would have had to pay if the other insurance policy did not contain:
a	any provision applying average or any similar provision which would reduce the amount payable on the claim to reflect underinsurance; and
b	any provision which excludes it from ranking concurrently with this Policy or any Section of it either in whole or in part or from contributing rateably. 16	Change of Risk
The Insured must notify the Insurer as soon as possible if during the Period of Insurance there is any alteration:
a	in or to the Business;
b	to or at the Premises;
c	to the facts or matters set out in the Statement of Fact or otherwise comprising the risk presentation made by the Insured to the Insurer at inception, renewal or variation of the Policy; which materially increases the risk of injury, loss, Damage or liability. Upon being notified of any such alteration, the Insurer may, at its absolute discretion:
 
a	continue to provide cover under this Policy on the same terms;
b	restrict the cover provided under this Policy;. c	impose additional terms;
d	alter the premium;
e	cancel the policy. If the Insured fails to notify the Insurer of any material alteration of the risk, the Insurer may:
a	treat the Policy as if it had come to an end as at the date of the alteration of the risk, returning a proportionate amount of the premium for the unexpired Period of Insurance, if the Insurer would have cancelled the Policy had it known of the increase in risk;
b	treat the Policy as if it had contained such terms (other than relating to premium) or other restrictions (if any) from the date of the alteration in risk as the Insurer would have applied had it known of the increase in risk;
c	reduce proportionately the amount paid or payable on any claim, the proportion for which the Insurer is liable being calculated by comparing the premium actually charged as a percentage of the premium which the Insurer would have charged had it known of the increase in risk. 17	Conditions Precedent to Liability
If the Insured does not comply with any part of any condition which makes payment of a claim conditional upon compliance with it (a condition precedent), the Insurer will not pay for any claim, except that where the condition concerned:
a	operates only in connection with particular premises or locations, the Insurer will pay for claims arising out of an event occurring at other premises or locations which are not specified in the condition;
b	operates only at particular times, the Insurer will pay for any claim where the Insured shows on the balance of probabilities that its non-compliance with the condition did not cause or contribute to the injury, loss, damage or liability which occurred;
c	would, if complied with, tend to reduce particular types of injury, loss, damage or, as the context may require liability, the Insurer will pay for any claim where the Insured shows on the balance of probabilities that its non-compliance with the condition did not cause or contribute to the injury, loss, damage or liability which occurred. Policy Exclusions



 

Applicable unless stated to the contrary under Exclusions in the Sections
This Policy does not cover
1	Territorial Limits
Loss, destruction, damage, injury or liability arising out of any occurrence outside Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, except where stated to the contrary. 2	War (not applicable to the Employers’ Liability Section)
Loss, destruction, damage, death, injury, disablement or liability or any consequential loss occasioned by war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection or military or usurped power. 3	Radioactive Contamination
Loss or destruction of or damage to any property whatsoever or any loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss or any legal liability of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to or arising from
a	ionising radiations from or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste or from the combustion of nuclear fuel
b	the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous or contaminating properties of any nuclear installation, reactor or other nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof
c	any weapon or other device utilizing radioactive material and/or matter and/or ionising radiation and/or atomic or nuclear fission and/or fusion or other like reaction
d	the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous or contaminating properties of any radioactive matter
Exclusion a and b do not apply to
Section 4 – Employers’ Liability other than in respect of
i	the liability of any principal
ii	liability assumed by the Insured under a contract or agreement which would not have attached in the absence of such contract or agreement. Exclusions c and d do not apply to Section 3 – Property Owners Liability Section 4 – Employers’ Liability and Section 5 – Personal Accident. 4	Sonic Bangs
Loss, destruction or damage directly occasioned by pressure waves caused by aircraft and other aerial devices travelling at sonic or supersonic speeds. 5	Northern Ireland
Loss, destruction or damage or any consequential loss in Northern Ireland occasioned by or happening through or in consequence directly or indirectly of riot, civil commotion and (except in respect of loss, destruction, damage or any consequential loss by fire or explosion) strikers, locked out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances or malicious persons. 6	Changes in Water Table
Loss, destruction or damage attributable solely to changes in the water table level. 7	E-Risks
a	loss or destruction of or damage to any Computer Equipment (as defined below) consisting of or caused directly or indirectly by:
i	programming or operator error whether by the Insured or any other person
ii	Virus or Similar Mechanism (as defined below)
iii	Hacking (as defined below)
iv	malicious persons
v	failure of external networks
unless, in respect of i, ii and iii above, such loss or destruction or damage results from a concurrent or subsequent cause not excluded by this or any other policy exclusion
b	any financial loss or expense of whatsoever nature, including but not limited to business interruption, resulting directly or indirectly from the type of loss or destruction or damage described in paragraph a of this Exclusion unless, in respect of
a. i, ii or iii above, the financial loss or expense results from a concurrent or subsequent cause not excluded by this or any other policy exclusion
c	loss or destruction of or damage to any property other than Computer Equipment where it arises directly or indirectly out of loss or destruction of or damage to any Computer Equipment of the type described in paragraph a of this Exclusion unless, in respect of loss or damage to other property arising from a i, ii or iii above, resulting from a concurrent or subsequent cause not excluded by this or any other policy exclusion
 









 
d	loss or destruction of or damage either to Computer Equipment or any other property where it consists of or arises directly or indirectly out of:
i	the erasure, loss, distortion, corruption or unauthorised access to or modification of information on computer systems or other records, programs or software by rioters, strikers, locked-out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances or civil commotions, or malicious persons
ii	the erasure, loss, distortion, corruption or unauthorised access to or modification of information on computer systems or other records, programs or software due to any cause not included in d i above
iii	any misinterpretation, use or misuse of information on computer systems or other records, programs or software
unless, in respect of d ii and iii above, such loss, destruction or damage results from a concurrent or subsequent cause not excluded by this or any other policy exclusion
e	any financial loss or expense of whatsoever nature, including but not limited to business interruption, where it arises directly or indirectly from the type of loss or destruction or damage described in paragraphs c and d of this Exclusion unless, in respect of c, d ii and iii above, the financial loss or expense results from a concurrent or subsequent cause not excluded by this or any other policy exclusion. 

Paragraph 9
For the purpose of this Exclusion:
Computer Equipment – means computer equipment, component, system or item which processes, stores, transmits or retrieves data, or any part thereof, whether the property of the Insured or not, whether tangible or intangible and including without limitation any information, programs or software. Virus or Similar Mechanism – means any program code, programming instruction or other set of instructions intentionally constructed with the ability to damage, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect computer programs, data files or operations (whether involving self replication or not), including but not limited to ‘Trojan Horses’, ‘Worms’ or ‘Logic Bombs’. Hacking – means unauthorised access to any computer or computer equipment, component, system or item, whether the property of the Insured or not, which processes, stores, transmits or retrieves data. 8	Terrorism
a	in respect of England, Wales and Scotland but not the territorial seas adjacent thereto as defined in the Territorial Sea Act 1987:
loss or destruction or damage or consequential loss of whatsoever nature, directly or indirectly caused by, resulting from or in connection with
i	any Act of Terrorism, regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to such Act of Terrorism
ii	any action taken in controlling, preventing or suppressing any Act of Terrorism, or in any other way related to such Act of Terrorism
In respect of a above an Act of Terrorism (Terrorism) means:–
Acts of persons acting on behalf of, or in connection with, any organisation which carries out activities directed towards the overthrowing or influencing, by force or violence, of Her Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom or any other government de jure or de facto. b	in respect of territories other than those stated in a above:
loss or destruction or damage or any consequential loss of whatsoever nature, directly or indirectly caused by, resulting from or in connection with
i	any act of Terrorism, regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to such act of Terrorism
ii	any action taken in controlling, preventing or suppressing any act of Terrorism, or in any way related to such act of Terrorism
In respect of b above an act of Terrorism (Terrorism) means: An act, including but not limited to the use of force or violence and/or the threat thereof, of any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organisation(s) or government(s), committed for political, religious, ideological or similar purposes including the intention to influence any government and/or put the public or any section of the public in fear. In any action suit or other proceedings where the Insurer alleges that by reason of this exclusion any loss or destruction or damage or any consequential loss is not covered (or is covered only up to a specified limit of liability), the burden of proving to the contrary shall be upon the Insured. In the event any part of this exclusion is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder shall remain in force and effect. Section 1 – Property Damage



 
Definitions
Damage
Loss or destruction of or damage to Property Insured. Premises
The Buildings at the address or addresses stated in the Schedule, including their grounds, all within the boundaries for which the Insured are responsible. Cover
The Insurer will pay the Insured for Damage to Property Insured at the Premises described in the Schedule by any of the Events operative under this Section and not otherwise excluded occurring during the period of insurance. Events
1	Fire, excluding Damage caused
a	by explosion resulting from fire
b	by earthquake or subterranean fire
c	by its own spontaneous fermentation or heating, or its undergoing any heating process or any process involving the application of heat
Lightning Explosion
a	of boilers
b	of gas
used for domestic purposes only, but excluding any Damage caused by earthquake or subterranean fire. 2	Explosion, excluding Damage
a	caused by or consisting of the bursting by steam pressure of a boiler (not being a boiler used for domestic purposes only), economiser or other vessel, machine or apparatus belonging to the Insured or under the control of the Insured, in which internal pressure is due to steam only
b	in respect of and originating in any vessel, machinery or apparatus or its contents, belonging to the Insured or under the control of the Insured, which requires to be examined to comply with any statutory regulations, unless there is in force a policy of insurance or other contract providing the required inspection service. 3	Aircraft or other aerial devices or articles dropped from them. 4	Riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances or malicious persons, excluding:
a	Damage arising from nationalisation, confiscation, requisition, seizure or destruction by the Government or any public authority
b	Damage arising from cessation of work
c	Damage
i	by theft or attempted theft
ii	in respect of any Building which is Unoccupied
directly caused by malicious persons not acting on behalf of or in connection with any political organisation, but the Insurer will pay for such Damage caused by fire or explosion. 5	Earthquake. 

Paragraph 17
4	Documents
Documents belonging to the Insured or held by the Insured in trust, whilst at premises not being the Insured’s Premises, or in transit by road, rail or inland waterway. 5	Specified Illnesses Contingencies
a	any occurrence of a Specified Illness at the Premises, except where the Premises is a Private Dwelling
b	any discovery of an organism at the Premises likely to result in the occurrence of a Specified Illness, except where the Premises is a Private Dwelling
c	any occurrence of Legionellosis at the Premises
d	the discovery of vermin or pests at the Premises
e	any accident causing defects in the drains or other sanitary arrangements at the Premises
which causes restrictions on the use of the Premises on the order or advice of the competent local authority. Special Provisions
1 ‘Specified Illness’ shall mean illness sustained by any person resulting from
a	food or drink poisoning, or
b	Acute Encephalitis, Acute Poliomyelitis, Anthrax, Chickenpox, Cholera, Diphtheria, Dysentery, Leprosy, Leptospirosis, Malaria, Measles, Meningococcal Infection,
 
Mumps, Opthalmia Neonatorum, Paratyphoid Fever, Plague, Rabies, Rubella, Scarlet Fever, Smallpox, Tetanus, Tuberculosis, Typhoid Fever, Viral Hepatitis, Whooping Cough or Yellow Fever an outbreak of which the competent local authority has stipulated shall be notified to them. 2	‘Legionellosis’ shall mean illness sustained by any person resulting from any discharge release or escape of legionella from water tanks, water systems, air-conditioning plants, cooling towers and the like at the Premises. 3	For the purpose of this Extension ‘Indemnity Period’ shall mean the period during which the results of the Business shall be affected in consequence of the Damage beginning with the date from which the restrictions on the Premises are applied and ending not later than 3 months thereafter. 4	The Insurer shall not be liable under this clause for any costs incurred in cleaning, repair, replacement, recall or checking of Property. 5	The Insurer shall only be liable for loss arising at the Premises which are directly subject to the incident. 6	The Insured in so far as it is reasonably practical shall ensure compliance with the Health and Safety Commissions Approved Code of Practice, “The Prevention and Control of Legionellosis (including Legionnaires Disease)” or any supplementary replacement or amending Code of Practice. 7	Notwithstanding Special Provision 4 the insurance by this Extension extends to include costs and expenses necessarily incurred with the consent of the Insurer in
a	cleaning and decontamination of Property used by the Insured for the purpose of the Business (other than stock in trade)
b	removal and disposal of contaminated stock in trade
at or from the Premises, the use of which has been restricted on the order or advice of the competent local authority solely in consequence of the incident as defined above, provided that the liability of the Insurer shall not exceed £25,000 in any one Period of Insurance, after the application of all other terms and conditions of this Section and of the Policy. For the purpose of this Extension the following definition is added
Private Dwelling
The Flat, maisonette or house situate at the Premises occupied for domestic residential purposes only
 


Section 2 – Loss of Rent (continued)




 
6 Loss of Attraction
Property in the immediate vicinity of the Premises causing a fall in the number of tenants attracted to the Premises, provided that for the purpose of this Extension Damage shall exclude obstruction of roads, streets and the like by weather or climatic conditions
a	The Maximum Indemnity Period shall not exceed 3 months
b	Limit 5% or £100,000 whichever is the less
 
 
Section Conditions
The Policy Conditions apply to this Section and in addition the following:
1	Alteration
Unless the Insurer agrees in writing, cover under this Section shall automatically cease if
a	the Business is wound up or carried on by a liquidator or receiver or permanently discontinued
b	the interest of the Insured ceases other than by death
c	there is any alteration in respect of subsidence, ground heave or landslip by any demolition, construction, ground works or excavation work being carried out on any adjoining site
during the Period of Insurance. 2	Additional Claims Conditions
In the event of Damage, in consequence of which the Insured make or may make a claim under this Section, the Insured shall at their own expense deliver to the Insurer not later than 30 days after expiry of the Indemnity Period, or such further time that the Insurer may allow, full information in writing of the particulars of the claim, together with details of all other policies covering the Premises for the purpose of the Business or any part of the Business, and the amount of any resulting Damage. Particulars or details contained in the Insured’s books of account or other business books or documents, which may be required by the Insurer for the purpose of investigating or verifying any claim under this Section, may be produced by professional accountants if at the time they are regularly acting for the Insured. Their report shall be prima facie evidence of the particulars and details to which such report relates. The Insurer will not pay for any claim unless the terms of this condition have been complied with, and any payment on account already made shall be repaid to the Insurer. Section 3 – Property Owners Liability



 
Definitions
Act of Terrorism
Any act including but not limited to the use of force or violence and/or threat thereof of any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organisation(s) or government(s) committed for political religious ideological or similar purposes including the intention to influence any government and/or put the public or any section of the public in fear. 

Paragraph 19
b	in respect of the indemnity provided under this Section for Extension 12 – Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007– Legal Defence Costs
i	the liability of the Insurer shall not exceed £5,000,000 or the Limit of Indemnity (whichever is lesser) in any one Period of Insurance
ii	all amounts payable will form part of and not be in addition to the Limit of Indemnity
iii	where the Insurer has already indemnified the Insured in respect of legal costs or expenses incurred in connection with the defence of criminal proceedings (including appeals against conviction arising from such proceedings) arising out of the same cause or occurrence which gave rise to said proceedings under another Section of the Policy the amount paid under that Section shall contribute to the maximum amount payable under this Section. Extensions (Subject to the terms, limits, conditions and exclusions of this Section and the Policy)

1 Indemnity to Other Parties
At the request of the Insured the Insurer will indemnify the following parties
a	any officer or committee member or other member of the Insured’s canteen, social, sports or welfare organisations or ambulance, first aid, fire, medical or security services against liability incurred in such capacity
b	any partner, director or Employee of the Insured against liability incurred in such capacity and in respect of which the Insured would have been entitled to indemnity under this Section if the claim had been made against the Insured
as though each party were individually named as the Insured in this Section
 









 
c	any principal for whom the Insured have agreed to execute work under contract or agreement against liability arising out of the performance of such work by the Insured and in respect of which the Insured are legally liable and would have been entitled to indemnity under this Section if the claim had been made against the Insured. Provided that
i	each such party shall observe, fulfil and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Section in so far as they can apply
ii	the Insurer’s liability to the Insured and all parties indemnified shall not exceed in total the Limit of Indemnity specified in the Schedule. 2	Joint Insured – Cross Liabilities
If more than one party is named as the Insured this Section shall apply as though each were insured separately provided that the Insurer’s liability to all parties indemnified shall not exceed in total the Limit of Indemnity shown in the Schedule. 3	Overseas Personal Liability
The Business is extended to include personal activities (not connected with any gainful occupation or profession nor with the ownership or tenure of any land or building) of any partner, director or Employee of the Insured or family member of such partner, director or Employee normally resident within the territories specified in Territorial Limits a in the course of any journey or temporary visit to any other country made in connection with the Business. 4	Motor Contingent Liability
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured in the terms of this Section against liability arising out of the use in connection with the Business of any vehicle not owned, provided or being driven by the Insured but this Section does not cover liability
a	in respect of damage to such vehicle
b	arising out of any such use in any country outside the European Union
c	incurred by any party other than the Insured
d	incurred by any party identified in Extension 1 – Indemnity to Other Parties other than an Employee. For the purpose of this cover Exclusion 1 – Injury to Employees does not apply. 5	Health and Safety at Work – Legal Defence Costs
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured and if the Insured so request any partner, director or Employee of the Insured in the terms of this Section in respect of
a	costs and expenses incurred with the Insurer’s written consent
b	costs and expenses of the prosecution awarded against any such party
in connection with criminal proceedings or an appeal against conviction arising from such proceedings brought in respect of any offence under the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978 committed or alleged to have been committed during the Period of Insurance in connection with the Business. Provided that
i	the proceedings relate to the health, safety or welfare of any person other than an Employee
ii	the Insurer shall have the conduct and control of all the said proceedings and appeals. The Insurer will not pay for
a	fines or penalties of any kind
b	proceedings or appeals in respect of any deliberate or intentional criminal act or omission
c	costs or expenses insured by any other insurance. 6	Data Protection
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured and at the Insured’s request any partner, director or Employee of the Insured against the sums which the Insured or any director, partner or Employee of the Insured become(s) legally liable to pay as compensation, under Section(s) 22 and/or 23 of the Data Protection Act 1984 as amended by the Data Protection Act 1998, for damage or distress caused in connection with the Business during the Period of Insurance provided that the Insured is
i	a registered user in accordance with the terms of the Act
ii	not in business as a computer bureau. The total amount payable including all costs and expenses under this Extension in respect of all claims occurring during any one Period of Insurance is limited to £100,000. Section 3 – Property Owners Liability (continued)




 
The Insurer will not pay for
a	any Damage or distress caused by any deliberate act or omission by the Insured the result of which could reasonably have been expected by the Insured having regard to the nature and circumstances of such act or omission
b	any Damage or distress caused by any act of fraud or dishonesty
c	the costs and expenses of rectifying, rewriting or erasing data
d	liability arising from the recording, processing or provision of data for reward or to determine the financial status of any person
e	the payment of fines or penalties. 7	Defective Premises Act 1972
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured in the terms of this Section against liability incurred by the Insured under Section 3 of the Defective Premises Act 1972 or Section 5 of the Defective Premises (Northern Ireland) Order 1975 in connection with premises or land disposed of by the Insured. 

Paragraph 22
15	Excess
The amount of any third party property damage excess specified in the Schedule. 16	Asbestos
a	Liability in any way caused by, arising from or contributed to by
i	exposure to or inhalation of Asbestos
ii	fear of the consequences of exposure to or inhalation of Asbestos
b	Liability for the costs of management (including those of any persons under any statutory duty to manage), removal, repair, alteration, recall, replacement or reinstatement of any property arising out of the presence of Asbestos
 


Section 3 – Property Owners Liability (continued)



Section Conditions
The Policy Conditions 1-12, 14–17 inclusive apply to this Section and in addition the following:
1	Bona fide Subcontractors
In respect of work commencing within the Period of Insurance, it is a condition precedent to any liability of the Insurer in respect of Injury, loss, destruction or damage arising out of or caused by work undertaken on behalf of the Insured by bona fide subcontractors, that the Insured obtain and retain a written record that such subcontractors have in force throughout the duration of any work undertaken by them for the Insured insurance as follows:
a	Employers’ Liability insurance in accordance with any law relating to compulsory insurance of liability to employees
b	Public Liability insurance covering legal liability
for injury to any person other than liability described in a above and loss, destruction or damage to property with a Limit of Indemnity not less than £2,000,000. This condition does not apply where bona fide subcontractors are engaged to carry out work on behalf of the Insured in an emergency and there is insufficient time to obtain written evidence of insurance provided that the Insured shall obtain verbal confirmation from such subcontractors that insurance as described in a and b above is in force and confirm such conversation in writing and retain a copy as a written record. 2	Other Insurances
The Insurer will not indemnify the Insured in respect of liability which is insured by or would but for the existence of this Section be insured by any other policy or section except in respect of any excess beyond the amount payable under such other policy or section or which would have been payable under such other policy or section had this Section not been effected. Section 4 – Employers’ Liability



 
Definitions
Business
The Business specified in the Schedule conducted solely from Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands and including
a	the ownership, maintenance and repair of premises used in connection therewith
b	the provision and management of canteen, social, sports or welfare organisations for the benefit of Employees and the ambulance, first aid, fire, medical and security services of the Insured
c	the execution of private duties by Employees for any partner, director or senior official of the Insured. Employee
a	Any person under a contract of service or apprenticeship with the Insured
b	any of the following persons whilst working for the Insured in connection with the Business
i	any labour master or labour only subcontractor or person supplied by him
ii	any self-employed person providing labour only
iii	any trainee or person undergoing work experience
iv	any voluntary helper
v	any person who is borrowed by or hired to the Insured. Injury
Bodily injury, death, disease, illness, mental injury or nervous shock. Offshore Installations
a	Any installation in the sea or tidal waters which is intended for underwater exploitation of mineral resources or exploration with a view to such exploitation
b	any installation in the sea or tidal waters which is intended for the storage or recovery of gas
c	any pipe or system of pipes in the sea or tidal waters
d	any installation which is intended to provide accommodation for persons who work on or from the locations specified in Definition Offshore Installations a, b or c above. Territorial Limits
a	Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands
b	elsewhere in the world in respect of Injury sustained by any Employee resident within the territories specified in Definition Territorial Limits a above and caused whilst such Employee is temporarily employed outside these territories provided that any action for compensation in respect of such Injury is brought in a court of law within the said territories or any other member country of the European Union. Cover
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured against legal liability to pay compensation and claimants’ costs and expenses in respect of Injury sustained by any Employee arising out of and in the course of the employment or engagement of such person by the Insured in connection with the Business and caused within the Territorial Limits during the Period of Insurance. Cost and Expenses
The Insurer will also pay costs and expenses incurred by the Insurer or with the written consent of the Insurer
a	in connection with the defence of any claim
b	for representation of the Insured
i	at any coroner’s inquest or fatal accident inquiry in respect of death
ii	at proceedings in any court of summary jurisdiction or on indictment in any higher court in respect of any alleged breach of statutory duty resulting in Injury
which may be the subject of indemnity under this Section. Limit of Indemnity
The Insurer’s Limit of Indemnity for all compensation, costs and expenses payable in respect of any one claim or series of claims arising out of one occurrence shall not exceed the Limit of Indemnity. Provided that
a	in respect of an Act of Terrorism the Limit of Indemnity shall not exceed £5,000,000. If the Insurer alleges that by reason of this limitation any loss damage cost or expense is not covered the burden of proving the contrary shall be upon the Insured. b	in respect of the indemnity provided under this Section for Extension 5 - Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007- Legal Defence Costs
 


Section 4 – Employers’ Liability (continued)




 
i	the liability of the Insurer shall not exceed £5,000,000 in any one Period of Insurance
ii	all amounts payable will form part of and not be in addition to the Limit of Indemnity
iii	where the Insurer has already indemnified the Insured in respect of legal costs or expenses
incurred in connection with the defence of any criminal proceedings (including appeals against conviction arising from such proceedings) arising out of the same occurrence which gave rise to said proceedings under another Section of the Policy the amount paid under that Section shall contribute to the maximum amount payable under this Section. 

Paragraph 23
Extensions (Subject to the terms, limits, conditions and exclusions of this Section and the Policy)

1	Indemnity to Other Parties
If the Insured so request the Insurer will indemnify the following parties
a	any officer or committee member or other member of the Insured’s canteen, social, sports or welfare organisations or ambulance, first aid, fire, medical or security services against liability incurred in such capacity
b	any partner, director or Employee of the Insured against liability incurred in such capacity and in respect of which the Insured would have been entitled to indemnity under this Section if the claim had been made against the Insured
as though each party was individually named as the Insured in this Section
c	any principal for whom the Insured have agreed to execute work under contract or agreement against liability arising out of the performance of such work by the Insured and in respect of which the Insured are legally liable and would have been entitled to indemnity under this Section if the claim had been made against the Insured. Provided that
i	each such party shall observe fulfil and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Section in so far as they can apply
ii	the Insurer’s liability to the Insured and all parties indemnified shall not exceed in total the Limit of Indemnity specified in the Schedule. 2	Health and Safety at Work – Legal Defence Costs
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured and if the Insured so request any partner, director or Employee of the Insured in the terms of this Section in respect of
a	costs and expenses incurred with the Insurer’s written consent
b	costs and expenses of the prosecution awarded against any such party
in connection with criminal proceedings or an appeal against conviction arising from such proceedings brought in respect of any offence under the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978 committed or alleged to have been committed during the Period of Insurance in connection with the Business. Provided that
i	the proceedings relate to the health, safety or welfare of any Employee
ii	the Insurer shall have the conduct and control of all the said proceedings and appeals
The Insurer will not pay for
a	fines or penalties of any kind
b	proceedings or appeals in respect of any deliberate act or omission
c	costs or expenses insured by any other insurance. 3	Unsatisfied Court Judgements
If a judgement for compensation or costs in respect of Injury sustained by any Employee arising out of and in the course of employment or engagement by the Insured in connection with the Business and caused within the Territorial Limits during the Period of Insurance
a	is obtained by such Employee in any court situate within the territories specified in Definition Territorial Limits a against any person or corporate body domiciled or operating from premises within such territories and
b	remains wholly or partly unsatisfied 6 months after the date of such judgement
the Insurer will if the Insured so request pay to the said Employee the amount of any such compensation and costs to the extent that they remain unsatisfied
 









 
Provided that
i	there is no appeal outstanding
ii	the Employee shall have assigned the judgement to the Insurer
iii	this Section was shown as insured in the Schedule at the time of the Injury. 4	Court Attendance Compensation
If during the Period of Insurance any partner, director or Employee of the Insured is required to attend court as a witness at the request of the Insurer in connection with a claim which is the subject of indemnity under this Section the Insurer will pay compensation to the Insured on the following scale for each day that attendance is required:
i	any director or partner	£750
ii	any Employee	£250
5	Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007 – Legal Defence Costs
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured in respect of
a	legal costs and expenses incurred with the prior written consent of the Insurer and
b	costs of the prosecution awarded against the Insured
in connection with the defence of any criminal proceedings (including any appeal against conviction arising from such proceedings) brought under The Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007 or any equivalent legislation in the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man in respect of any fatal injury sustained and caused during the Period of Insurance in the course of the Business and which may be subject to indemnity under this Section
Provided that the Insurer agrees details of the specific solicitor or counsel who are to act on behalf of the Insured prior to their appointment. The Insurer will not pay for
i	any fines or penalties imposed on the Insured or the cost of implementing any remedial order or publicity order
ii	legal costs and expenses in connection with an appeal unless a solicitor or counsel advise that there are strong prospects of succeeding in the appeal or recovering costs awarded against the Insured at all times throughout the appeals process. Any change to such prospect of success during the appeals process may result in cover being removed
iii	costs and expenses provided by another source or any other insurance or where but for the existence of this Extension would have been provided by such source or insurance
iv	costs and expenses in connection with the defence of any criminal proceedings brought in any country other than the Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man
v	costs and expenses in connection with the defence of any criminal proceedings resulting from any deliberate or intentional criminal act or omission by the Insured or any partner or director of the Insured or any Employee. Section 4 – Employers’ Liability (continued)



Section Conditions
The Policy Conditions 2,3,4,6,7,10,11,12,14,15,16 and 17 apply to this Section and in addition the following:
1	Compulsory Insurance Legislation
The indemnity granted by this Section is deemed to be in accordance with the provisions of any law relating to compulsory insurance of liability to Employees in the territories specified in Definition Territorial Limits a but the Insured shall repay to the Insurer all sums paid by the Insurer which the Insurer would not have been liable to pay but for the provisions of such law. 2	Certificate of Employers’ Liability
If this Policy or Section is cancelled any certificate of Employers’ Liability insurance issued hereunder is similarly cancelled from the same date. 3	Other Insurances
The Insurer will not indemnify the Insured in respect of liability which is insured by or would but for the existence of this Section be insured by any other policy or section except in respect of any excess beyond the amount payable under such other policy or section or which would have been payable under such other policy or section had this Section not been effected. Section 5 – Personal Accident



 
Definitions
Accidental Bodily Injury/Injuries
Bodily injury caused by
1	accidental violent external and visible means or
2	exposure to the elements following a mishap to any vehicle, vessel or aircraft in which the Member is travelling. Death
Death caused by Accidental Bodily Injury/Injuries
Loss of Hearing
Total and permanent loss of hearing which has lasted 3 consecutive months of the Member’s lifetime and is at the end of that period in the opinion of an independently qualified medical referee beyond hope of improvement. Loss of Limb
Total and permanent loss by physical separation or total and permanent loss of use of a hand at or above the wrist or a foot at or above the ankle. 

Paragraph 24
Loss of Sight
Total and permanent loss of sight will be considered as having occurred:
1	in both eyes if the Member’s name has been added to the Register of Blind persons on the authority of a fully qualified ophthalmic specialist
 

Permanent Total Disablement
Disablement other than Loss of Sight, Loss of Hearing or Loss of Limb which permanently, completely and continuously prevents the Member from performing each and every function of his/her Usual Occupation, and which having lasted 104 weeks of the Member’s lifetime is at the end of that period beyond hope of improvement. Usual Occupation
The tasks, duties and other functions which the Insured normally pays the Member to perform in connection with the Business of the Insured. Cover
The Insurer will pay the Insured compensation in accordance with the Sum Insured if any Member shall sustain an Accidental Bodily Injury during the Period of Insurance and Operative Time of Cover which within 12 months thereof directly and independently of any other cause results in:
a	Death
b	Permanent Total Disablement
 
or
2	in one eye if the degree of sight remaining after correction is 3/60 or less on the Snellen Scale
which has lasted 3 consecutive months of the Member’s lifetime and is at the end of that period in the opinion of an independent optician (acceptable to the Insurer) beyond hope of improvement. Member
Any partner, proprietor or working director of the Insured between the ages of 16 and 65 years. Operative Time of Cover
24 hours. Section 5 – Personal Accident (continued)



 
Basis of Settlement
Compensation will be paid in accordance with the following percentages subject to a maximum total of 100% of the Sum Insured in the aggregate. Percentage payment
1	Permanent Total Disablement	100%
2	Loss of Limb	100%
3	a  Loss of Sight	100%
b	Loss of Hearing	50%
c	Loss of Hearing in one ear	10%
4	Permanent loss by physical separation of
a	one thumb
i	both phalanges	20%
ii	one phalange	7%
b	one index finger
i	three phalanges	9%
ii	two phalanges	6%
iii	one phalange	3%
c	one other finger
i	three phalanges	7%
ii	two phalanges	5%
iii	one phalange	2%
d	one great toe
i	two phalanges	6%
ii	one phalange	3%
e	one other toe
i	three phalanges	3%
ii	two phalanges	2%
iii	one phalange	1%
which the Member has survived for at least one month. Limitations
In respect of each Member:
1 this Section shall cease to be in force immediately after the occurrence of any Accidental Bodily Injury qualifying for payment under percentage payment 1, 2 or 3a. Section Exclusions
Policy Exclusion 1 (Territorial Limits) applies to this Section. In addition the Insurer will not be liable to make any payment in respect of injury or disablement of any Member
1	sustained whilst or consequent upon or contributed to directly or indirectly by the Member engaging in
a	motorcycling (other than in respect of mopeds or scooters up to 50cc), hunting, winter sports (other than curling or skating), mountaineering or rock climbing (necessitating the use of ropes or guides), pot-holing, caving, any underwater activities involving the use of external breathing apparatus, armed or unarmed combat sports, riding or driving in any kind of race or endurance test (or practice thereof)
b	aviation other than as a passenger (not as a member of the crew nor for the purpose of undertaking any trade or technical operation) in a fully licensed passenger-carrying aircraft
c	any gainful occupation outside the Business. 2	arising as a consequence of the suicide, intentional self-injury or insanity of or the influence of alcohol or drugs (other than drugs taken in accordance with the treatment prescribed and directed by a qualified medical practitioner but not for the treatment of drug addiction)
3	caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by
a	pregnancy or childbirth
b	sexually transmitted diseases
c	HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) and/or any HIV related illness including AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome) and/or any mutant derivative or variations thereof however caused
4	arising from travel to or from or work on Offshore Installations
5	arising out of or consequent upon service in the Armed Forces of any Nation or International Authority or other such organisation
6	arising out of or consequent upon or contributed directly or indirectly by any Member(s) committing a criminal act or taking part or whilst engaged in civil commotions or riots of any kind
7	arising out of Accidental Bodily Injury, death or disablement as a result of or contributed to by
a	sickness or disease
b	any naturally occurring condition or gradually operating cause. Section Conditions
The Policy Conditions 1, 2, 5, 6, 8–12, 14 and 16 apply to this Section and in addition
1	Claims
a	If anything occurs which is likely to give rise to a claim under this Section the Insured or the Member concerned or their legal personal representative must give notice to the Insurer as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days after the happening of any loss damage or occurrence which may result in any claim under this policy and shall when required by the Insurer and with all reasonable speed and at their own expense give the Insurer such further particulars as the Insurer may require. b	As soon as reasonably possible after the occurrence of an accident the Member concerned must place themselves under the care of a duly qualified medical practitioner whose advice they shall follow. The said Member shall submit to any medical examination made on the Insurer’s behalf and in the event of death of the Member, the Insurer shall be entitled to make a post-mortem examination at the Insurer’s own expense. 2	Misrepresentation of Facts Relevant to an Insured Person If the Insured fails to comply with Policy Condition 1 (Fair Presentation of the Risk), the Insurer will not invoke any of the remedies available to it under that Condition as against the Insured, if the failure concerns only facts or information which relate to a particular Insured Person or Insured Persons. 

Paragraph 25
In that
case, provided that the Insured Person concerned or the Insured on their behalf made a careless misrepresentation of facts, the Insurer may invoke the remedies available to it under Policy Condition 1 as against that Insured Person only, as if a separate insurance contract had been issued to such person, leaving the remainder of the Policy unaffected. 3	If a claim or series of claims under this Section arising out of or consequent upon (or contributed to directly or indirectly by) any one originating event exceeds £750,000 the amount of benefit paid will be proportionately reduced to an amount that does not exceed £750,000. 4	Fraudulent Claims
If any fraud to which Policy Condition 6 relates is perpetrated by or on behalf of an Insured Person (and not on behalf of the Insured), Policy Condition 6 should be read as if it applies only to that Insured Person's claim and references to the Policy should be read as if they were references to the cover effected for that person alone and not to the Policy as a whole. Section 6 – Commercial Legal Expenses



 

The cover provided under this Section covers Claims where the Insured Person
•	first receives notification of a third party’s intention to make a claim against them; or
•	first becomes aware, or should have been aware, that it is necessary to pursue a claim against a third party to enforce their legal rights; or
•	first receives notification from HMRC or another relevant authority, of its intention to investigate or instigate an HMRC Investigation; and
notifies the Insurer of the same during the Period of Insurance. Definitions
In addition to the Policy Definitions on page 6 the following definitions also apply to this Section:
Acts of Parliament
All Acts of Parliament referred to in this Section will include a reference to all Orders and Regulations made under them and to any subsequent amendments or re-enactments enforceable within the Geographical Limits. Any One Claim
All Claims or series of Claims including any appeal against a judgment or decision arising out of the same original cause, event or circumstance. Awards of Compensation
Basic Awards and Compensatory Awards made against the Insured by an employment tribunal, employment appeal tribunal or superior court, or associated settlements agreed as a result of negotiation, conciliation or arbitration proceedings and to which the Insurer’s previous Consent has been given, other than
a	any awards of compensation against the Insured for a redundancy payment or monies due under a contract of employment; or
b	any award arising from a failure by the Insured to provide written reasons for dismissal; or
c	any award or pay specified in a reinstatement or re-engagement order; or
d	any financial benefit or compensation payable under any share option scheme or pension scheme. Basic Awards
Basic Awards are determined in accordance with section 119 of the Employment Rights Act 1996. For the avoidance of doubt Basic Awards do not include additional awards, protective awards, aggravated damages or interim relief. Claim
For the purposes of this Section a claim is any
•	civil proceeding, excluding employment or taxation disputes, brought by or against an Insured Person; or
•	employment claim brought against the Insured; or
•	HMRC investigation into the tax affairs of the Insured; or
•	criminal proceeding brought against an Insured person. Provided that the Claim is made by or against the Insured and notified to the Insurer during the Period of Insurance, a Claim will be deemed to be made as follows:
•	for civil cases, excluding employment or taxation disputes, the date the Insured Person is first notified of a third party’s intention to make a claim against them or the date the Insured Person first becomes aware, or should have been aware, it is necessary to pursue a claim against a third party to enforce their legal rights. •	for employment disputes the date when the Insured first receives a Claim Form (ET1) from an employment tribunal. •	for taxation disputes or investigations affecting the Insured’s Business, the date when HMRC, or another relevant authority, first notifies the Insured of the intention to carry out an HMRC Investigation. •	for criminal cases the date when the Insured Person receives a summons informing them criminal proceedings are being taken against them. Compensatory Awards
The amounts awarded in accordance with section 123 of the Employment Rights Act 1996 at the discretion of an employment tribunal, employment appeal tribunal or superior court to compensate for loss of earnings and benefits. 

Paragraph 26
For the avoidance of doubt Compensatory Awards do not include additional awards, protective awards, aggravated damages or interim relief. Commercial Tenancy Agreement
A written agreement under which the Insured:
a	lets the Premises to a Commercial Tenant; or
b	occupies the Premises as a Commercial Tenant
in connection with the Business and in return for the payment of rent. Commercial Tenant
The tenant named in the Commercial Tenancy Agreement who occupies the Premises for non-residential purposes. Contract
An actual or alleged contract, whether verbal or in writing to which the Insured is a party, for the sale, purchase, hire, service, supply or repair of goods or for the supply or purchase of a service. A Contract does not include:
•	any actual or alleged contract with an Employee, sub-contractor or self-employed person for the purposes of employment activities; or
•	any franchise or distribution agreement. Data Protection Compensation Awards
Compensation awarded in accordance with Data Protection Legislation against the Insured for the holding, loss or unauthorised disclosure of data. Debt Recovery Service
The debt collection service nominated by the Insurer which is provided as an Additional Service to the Insured for the recovery of Undisputed Debts. Employee
Any person under a permanent full or permanent part time contract of service or apprenticeship with the Insured. Geographical Limits
For claims relating to personal injury – any member country of the European Union and Croatia, Iceland, Norway and Switzerland. For all other claims – Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man. Guideline Hourly Rates
The guideline hourly rates for solicitors set by the Senior Court Costs Office. HMRC
HM Revenue & Customs. HMRC Investigation
a	Business Aspect Enquiry
An enquiry, and any appeal proceedings, following the issue of a formal written notice by HMRC under Paragraph 24(1) Schedule 18 Finance Act 1998 or S9A or S12AC of the Taxes Management Act 1970 in order to make an enquiry into one or more specific aspects of the Insured’s Business; or
 
b	Business Full Enquiry
An enquiry, and any appeal proceedings, following the issue of a formal written notice by HMRC under Paragraph 24(1) Schedule 18 Finance Act 1998 or S9 or S12AC of the Taxes Management Act 1970 to examine the whole of the Insured’s Business; or
c	Employer Compliance Dispute
A dispute, and any appeal proceedings, which takes place following a formal written expression of dissatisfaction with the Insured’s compliance with tax regulations concerning PAYE, national insurance contributions or Construction Industry Scheme following an employer or Construction Industry Scheme compliance check by HMRC or following a formal written expression of dissatisfaction with the Insured’s P11Ds or P9Ds; or
d	VAT Dispute
A dispute which takes place following:
i	VAT compliance check where a written decision, assessment or statement of alleged arrears is received from HMRC in respect of the Insured’s Value Added Tax Return or
ii	the receipt by the Insured of a formal written notice of VAT default surcharge. Insured Person
The Insured and, at the request of the Insured, the Insured’s proprietors, partners and directors and also all Employees acting in the normal course of their employment. Insurer
Allianz Insurance plc trading as Allianz Legal Protection. 

Paragraph 27
Jury Service Allowance
The payment of up to £100 per day to the Insured in respect of an Insured Person who is absent from work as a result of their attendance for jury service within the Geographical Limits, but only in so far as payment of such sum has been made by the Insured to the Insured Person under any contract of employment. For every day the Insured Person is off work, including the time it takes to travel to and from the court, the payment will be the lesser of
a	if the Insured Person works full time, 1/250th of the Insured Person’s annual salary or wages; or
b	if the Insured Person works part time, a proportion of the Insured Person’s weekly salary or wages equivalent to one day’s salary or wages; or
c £100. Payments will be calculated to the nearest half day (assuming a whole day is eight hours). Section 6 – Commercial Legal Expenses (continued)




 
Lawphone Legal Helpline
A telephone advisory service provided by the Insurer:
a	to advise the Insured on Business related legal matters and
b	for the Insured to report all Claims under this Section to the Insurer. Legal Expenses Fees and Expenses
a	any unrecovered professional fees, expenses or other disbursements reasonably and properly incurred by the Legal Representative on the Standard Basis up to the Guideline Hourly Rates incurred with the prior written consent of the Insurer in respect of any Claim, including costs and expenses of expert witnesses and those incurred by the Insurer in connection with such Claim. b	any legal or professional fees, expenses or other disbursements incurred by other parties in pursuing or defending any Claim, insofar as the Insured Person is held liable in a civil court or tribunal to pay such costs or under a settlement made with another party with the Insurer’s prior written consent, but excluding any costs which the Insured Person may be ordered to pay by a court of criminal jurisdiction. c	any unrecovered professional fees, expenses or other disbursements reasonably and properly incurred by the Legal Representative on the Standard Basis up to the Guideline Hourly Rates incurred with the prior written consent of the Insurer in an appeal, or in resisting an appeal, against the judgment of a relevant court or tribunal in respect of any Claim. d	any unrecovered professional fees, expenses or other disbursements reasonably and properly incurred by the Legal Representative at such rates, or in such amounts, as may be agreed with the prior written consent of the Insurer where it is necessary for an accountant to represent the Insured in connection with any Claim relating to an HMRC Investigation or subsequent appeal, but excluding any tax, interest and penalties demanded, assessed or requested by HMRC. Legal Expenses do not include the payment of Value Added Tax (VAT) which is recoverable by the Insured Person from elsewhere. Legal Representative
A solicitor, barrister, accountant or any other appropriately qualified person that the Insurer appoints in the name of and on behalf of the Insured Person with the prior written agreement of the Insurer to act for the Insured Person in respect of any Claim in accordance with the terms of this Section. Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome
a	In civil proceedings and in all appeals, including employment tribunal disputes, Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome only exist if the Legal Representative advises that the Insured Person is more likely than not to succeed, assuming the case was determined at trial or other final hearing at first instance and the likely damages claimed and recovered by or against the Insured Person will exceed the Insured Person’s own likely Legal Expenses. b	In criminal proceedings and in all appeals, Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome only exist if the Legal Representative advises that
i	the Insured Person is more likely than not to succeed in defending the prosecution assuming the case was determined at trial or other final hearing at first instance; or
ii	the Insured Person is more likely than not to succeed in a significant mitigation of their sentence or fine where the Insured Person intends to plead guilty to the offence, or is advised to do so by the Legal Representative. c	In an HMRC Investigation and in all appeals following an HMRC Investigation, Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome only exists if the Insured is more likely than not to succeed in reversing the decision made or reducing the liabilities alleged by HMRC. Standard Basis
The normal method used by the court to assess Legal Expenses which the court decides are proportionate to the Insured Person’s legal action and have been reasonably incurred by the Legal Representative and the Insured Person’s opponent. Undisputed Debt
Money and interest that has not been paid to the Insured under the terms of a Contract. 

Paragraph 28
An Undisputed Debt will exist if, in the opinion of the Debt Recovery Service or the Insurer, the other party to the Contract would not have a realistic chance of succeeding in defending any legal action taken in respect of the amount due. Witness Attendance Allowance
The payment of up to £100 per day to the Insured in respect of the Insured Person who is absent from work as a result of their attending as a witness for the Insured at a hearing, court, tribunal or arbitration within the Geographical Limits at the request of the Legal Representative with the Insurer’s prior written consent, but only in so far as this is not otherwise recoverable by the Insured Person from the relevant hearing, court, tribunal or arbitration. For every day the Insured Person is off work, including the time it takes to travel to and from the court, the payment will be the lesser of
a	if the Insured Person works full time, 1/250th of the Insured Person’s annual salary or wages; or
b	if the Insured Person works part time, a proportion of the Insured Person’s weekly salary or wages equivalent to one day’s salary or wages; or
b £100. Payments will be calculated to the nearest half day (assuming a whole day is eight hours). Limit of Indemnity
The maximum amount the Insurer is liable to pay under this Section is:
1	£100,000 Any One Claim other than a Claim relating to a Business Aspect Enquiry, Jury Service Allowance and Witness Attendance Allowance. 2	£2,000 Any One Claim relating to a Business Aspect Enquiry. 3	£5,000 Any One Claim relating to Jury Service Allowance. 4	£5,000 Any One Claim relating to Witness Attendance Allowance. 5	£1,000,000 for all Claims in the aggregate first notified to the Insurer during the Period of Insurance. (collectively “the Limit of Indemnity”)
The above amounts are all inclusive of Legal Expenses, Awards of Compensation and Data Protection Compensation Awards. Cover
The Insurer agrees to pay up to the Limit of Indemnity and on behalf of the Insured Person:
a	Legal Expenses;
b	Awards of Compensation;
c	Data Protection Compensation Awards; d Jury Service Allowance; and
e  Witness Attendance Allowance
incurred by the Insured Person in the pursuit or defence of any Claim:
a	brought within the Geographical Limits; and
b	made and first notified to the Insurer within the Period of Insurance; and
c	arising from the Insured’s Business. Provided that
a	the need to defend or pursue a legal action was first known about, or should have been known about, by the Insured Person, and reported to the Insurer during the Period of Insurance; and
b	Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome exist at all times; and
c	for employment disputes only, the Insured has consulted with and followed the advice of Lawphone Legal Helpline, another solicitor or a suitably qualified person. Section 6 – Commercial Legal Expenses (continued)



 
Section Exclusions
In addition to the Policy Exclusions the Insurer will not provide any cover where the Claim relates to or arises out of the following. 1	Any employment issue where the Insured has not consulted with, and followed the advice of, Lawphone Legal Helpline or any other solicitor or suitably qualified person before taking any action or making any decision which might give rise to a Claim against the Insured, such as making any significant changes to an Employee’s contract or taking any action which leads to the giving of a formal warning to, or the dismissal of, an Employee. The Insured should be able to evidence that advice received has been followed. 

Paragraph 29
2	Any dispute which arises out of the establishment of, or failure to establish, a transfer of employment under the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006 or the Acquired Rights Directive 2001 or a breach, or alleged breach, of either. 3	Any matter relating to a tax avoidance scheme. For the avoidance of doubt a tax avoidance scheme is any matter which is, or may be, notifiable to HMRC under the regulations for Disclosure of Tax Avoidance Schemes (DOTAS) or the disclosure regime for VAT. 4	Any matter or investigation conducted by HMRC Fraud Investigation Service or Specialist Investigations, or conducted under the HMRC Civil Investigation of Fraud, Code of Practice 9, or Criminal Investigations procedures or conducted under the General Anti-Abuse Rule. 5	Criminal proceedings being brought against the Insured Person for:
i	fraud, theft, money laundering or other dishonesty related offences; or
ii	offences against another person, including offences of a sexual nature; or
iii	the manufacture, distribution or use of weapons, alcohol, drugs, indecent or obscene materials, or
iv	any investigation by HMRC; or
v	pollution. 6	Adjudication whether arising under the Housing Grants Construction and Regeneration Act 1996 or the Scheme associated with it or an adjudication arising out of any term in a Contract. 7	Any dispute arising from an agreement the Insured enters into to let the Premises for residential purposes. 8	The following matters where a statutory licence has not been applied for, or has been refused (in full or in part), suspended, revoked, altered or not renewed:
i	Any appeal arising out of a hearing which took place because of a commercial decision made by the Insured Person in relation to the Business; or
ii	Any appeal following a hearing the Insured Person knew about, or should reasonably have known about, before this Section commenced; or
iii	Any appeal against a decision involving a statutory licence in respect of which the Insured Person has made an appeal in the twelve (12) months before this Section commences; or
iv	Any disciplinary or internal procedures conducted by authorities charged with the regulation of the Insured Person in the performance of their normal Business activities, or any appeal following such procedures; or
v	Any suspension, revocation, alteration or refusal to renew a statutory licence which is required by Acts of Parliament or national or local government regulation or order. For the avoidance of doubt a statutory licence is a licence or certificate of registration issued under statute, statutory instrument or by a Government or local authority to the Insured Person and which is required to enable the Insured Person to carry on the normal activities of the Business. 9	The pursuit by the Insured of an Undisputed Debt. 10	Commercial Tenancy Agreements where the dispute
i	relates to rent or service charges, tax, planning or building regulations or decisions; or
ii	relates to the renewal of a lease or Commercial Tenancy Agreement; or
iii	is over the freehold, leasehold, commonhold or title of the Premises; or
iv	is with Government or local authority departments concerning the imposition of rates or other local taxes. 11	A dispute arising from a breach or alleged breach of a professional duty by an Insured person arising out of or in connection with any i advice or specification; or
ii error or omission in any advice. 12	An enquiry under Public Notice 160 or Section 60 of the VAT Act 1994. 13	Any matter concerning IR35 legislation. 14	Any dispute concerning computer hardware, software, systems or services designed specifically for the Business. 

Paragraph 30
15	Any arbitration unless wholly in accordance with the Arbitration Act 1996. 16	A deliberate, conscious, intentional or reckless act or statement by the Insured Person or where the Insured Person has shown wilful disregard for the need to take all reasonable steps to avoid, prevent and limit the extent of any such Claim. 17	An allegation of libel or slander including defamation or injury to reputation. 18	An application for judicial review or other challenge to any legislation or proposed legislation or the decision of any public body. 19	Assignment, bailment, bills of exchange, credit, insurance, securities or guarantees. 20	Legal Expenses, Awards of Compensation, Data Protection Compensation Awards, Jury Service Allowance or Witness Attendance Allowance incurred without the Insurer’s prior written Consent. 21	Fines, aggravated or liquidated damages or other penalties imposed by a court, tribunal or regulator, including any costs awarded against the Insured person following criminal proceedings. 22	Any dispute between the Insured Person and the Insurer or between the Insured Person and the Legal representative in respect of a Claim under this Section, or between the Insured and the provider of any Additional Service or telephone helpline available under this Section. 23	Any dispute between individuals comprising the Insured or with any subsidiary, parent or associated company of the Insured or arising from a shareholding agreement, a partnership agreement or a trust. 24	Patents, copyrights, trademarks, merchandise marks, registered designs or other intellectual property, breach of secrecy or confidentiality, passing off actions or restrictive covenants. 25	Defending the Insured Person in any legal proceedings arising from alleged or actual breach of any duty owed by that person as a director or officer of the Insured, other than in relation to the Insured Person’s activities as a pension trustee. 26	Legal Expenses or other expenses incurred by the Insured which relate to the preparation of accounts, self assessment activities or any work carried out prior to the commencement of the HMRC Investigation. 27	Any HMRC compliance check or dispute with HMRC concerning the Insured’s compliance with regulations relating to the National Minimum wage or the National Living Wage. 28	Any HMRC enquiry which is not shown in the definition of HMRC Investigation. 29	Any dispute arising out of the amount payable under an insurance policy. 

Paragraph 31
30	Any dispute arising out of damage caused to motor vehicles. 31	Any dispute relating to the eviction of persons from the Insured’s Property or the repair of damage to the Insured’s Property from persons who have been evicted. Section 6 – Commercial Legal Expenses (continued)



 
Section Conditions
In addition to the Policy Conditions, the following also apply to this Section. A General Conditions
1	Arbitration
Any dispute between the Insured Person and the Insurer concerning this Section shall be referred to a single arbitrator who will be either a solicitor or barrister agreed upon by the parties or failing agreement one who is nominated by the President of the appropriate Law Society or by the Chairman of the Bar Council or equivalent professional body within the Geographical Limits. All the costs of the arbitration shall be met in full by the party against whom the arbitration award is made unless that person made the other an earlier without prejudice offer which was more favourable than the arbitration award. If the arbitration award is not clearly made against one party the arbitrator will have the power to apportion costs. If the arbitration award is made in the Insurer’s favour, the Insured Person’s costs will not be recoverable under this Section. The arbitration award will be final and binding upon both the Insured Person and the Insurer and cannot be the subject of an appeal. 2	Maintenance of Records
It is a condition precedent to the Insurer’s liability to provide cover under this Section that the Insured has kept and maintained reasonable books and records. Where the Insured is a corporate organisation such books and records must have been kept in accordance with the Companies Acts. 3	Disclosure of the Existence of this Section
The Insured Person and the Legal Representative must not reveal the existence of this Section to any other person or entity unless the Insurer has given prior written consent or is ordered to do so by a court. 4	Assignment
This Section may not be assigned by the Insured Person or by the Insured Person’s executors or administrators. B Claims Process Conditions
1	Notification of Claims
It is a condition precedent to the Insurer’s liability to provide cover under this Section that the Insured Person notifies the Insurer in writing, by the completion of a claim form, or in another way confirmed by the Insurer in writing to the Insured Person
i	immediately after the Insured Person becomes, or should have become, aware of any event or circumstance which gives rise to a Claim involving the Insured Person; and
ii	immediately following receipt of any letter or other notification of a claim, claim form, summons or other legal process. If the Insured Person fails to notify the Insurer of such event or circumstance during the same Period of Insurance in which the Insured Person first became aware of it, the Insurer will not provide cover for any Claim arising from that event or circumstance. When such a notification has been given, any subsequent Claim in respect of the event or circumstance notified will be treated as though the Claim had been first notified to the Insurer during the same Period of Insurance in which notification of the original event or circumstance occurred. 

Paragraph 34
The Insurer’s liability to provide cover under this Section will cease immediately with no liability to indemnify the Insured Person in any respect unless in its absolute discretion the Insurer agrees to another Legal Representative being appointed to continue acting for the Insured Person under the terms of this Section, if:
i	due to any conduct or failure to act by the Insured Person, the Legal Representative reasonably refuses to continue acting for the Insured Person, or
ii	the Insured Person dismisses the Legal Representative against the advice of the Legal Representative and without the Insurer’s prior written agreement. b	Disclosures to the Legal Representative
It is a condition precedent to the Insurer’s liability to provide cover under this Section that the Insured Person must
i	give the Legal Representative all possible help and information including a complete and truthful account of the facts of the case; and
ii	provide the Legal Representative with all relevant documentary or other evidence in the Insured Person’s possession; and
iii	provide, obtain or execute all documents considered necessary by the Legal Representative and attend meetings or conferences as requested. c	Access to Information
The Insurer is entitled to receive from the Legal Representative any information, document or advice in connection with any Claim, even if privileged. On request the Insured Person will give to the Legal Representative any instructions necessary to secure the required access. d	Duties of the Insured Person and Legal Representative in relation to any Claim
i	It is a condition precedent to the Insurer’s liability to provide cover under this Section that the Insured Person, or on their behalf, the Legal Representative immediately notify the Insurer in writing of any information as soon as it is received which may affect the Insurer’s opinion on the Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome of the Claim
ii	The Insured Person, or on their behalf the Legal Representative must inform the Insurer in writing as soon as any offer to settle a Claim is received or made. The Insured Person or the Legal Representative must not under any circumstances enter into any agreement to settle without the Insurer’s prior written consent. If the
 









 
Insured Person, or on their behalf the Legal Representative, fails to inform the Insurer as soon as an offer to settle a Claim is received or made, cover under this Section will cease with effect from the date of the offer. If, in the Insurer’s opinion, the Insured Person unreasonably withholds agreement to settle, cover under this Section will cease from the date on which the Insured Person ought reasonably have agreed to settle. The Insurer agrees to indemnify the Insured Person in respect of Legal Expenses incurred up to the date when cover ceased
iii	The Insured Person, or on their behalf the Legal Representative, must report in writing the result of the Claim to the Insurer when it is finished. e	Payment of Legal Representative’s Bills
The Insurer shall have the right to settle Legal Expenses at the conclusion of a Claim. The Insured Person should forward all bills which are received from the Legal Representative relating to the Claim to the Insurer without delay following conclusion of the Claim. If the Insurer requires, the Insured Person must ask the Legal Representative to submit the bill of costs for audit or assessment by the appropriate court or, at the discretion of the Insurer, a law costs draughtsman or other competent party. The Insurer will only pay Legal Expenses that are determined as reasonable by the audit or assessment. The Insurer may settle a payment of Legal Expenses, Awards of Compensation, Data Protection Compensation Awards, Jury Service Allowance or Witness Attendance Allowance direct with the Legal Representative if it is appropriate for the Insurer to do so. The payment of some Legal Expenses does not imply that all Legal Expenses will be paid on the Insured Person’s behalf. 

Paragraph 35
The Insured Person must not, without the Insurer’s prior written consent, enter into any agreement with the Legal Representative as to the basis of calculation of Legal Expenses. This agreement is normally known as either a conditional fee agreement or a damages based agreement. f	Instruction of a Barrister
If, during the course of any Claim (and subject always to compliance with Claims Process Condition 2), the Insured Person or the Legal Representative considers it necessary and wishes to instruct a barrister, the barrister’s name must first be submitted to the Insurer for Consent to the proposed instruction. g	Conduct of the Claim
It is a condition precedent to the Insurer’s continuing liability to provide cover under this Section that the Insured Person
i	does not withdraw from a Claim or dismiss the Legal Representative without the written agreement of the Insurer and the Legal Representative; and
ii	co-operates fully with the Legal Representative and the Insurer in the conduct of the Claim; and
iii	follows the advice of the Legal Representative. If the Insured Person fails to comply with i, ii or iii then the Insurer’s liability to provide cover under this Section will cease immediately and the Insurer will not be responsible for the payment of Legal Expenses, Awards of Compensation or Data Protection Compensation Awards and will be entitled to reimbursement of all Legal Expenses already incurred and any Jury Service Allowance or Witness Attendance Allowance already paid in respect of the Claim unless the Insurer agrees to appoint another Legal Representative to continue the Claim. h	Award of Costs
Where the Insured Person is awarded costs, it is a condition precedent to the Insurer’s liability to provide cover for Legal Expenses that the Insured Person and the Legal Representative must take every reasonable step to recover Legal Expenses which would be or have been subject to payment under this Section. All such recoveries will be taken into account when calculating the Insurer’s liability under this Section. i	Alternative Dispute Resolution
When, in the Insurer’s opinion, alternative dispute resolution would appear to provide a more effective method of resolving any Claim, the Insurer may request that the Insured Person agrees to submit such Claim to a professional dispute resolution service, to be selected by the Insurer. In considering alternative dispute resolution the Insured Person will comply with Claims Process Condition 4 and will not therefore unreasonably withhold Consent. Section 6 – Commercial Legal Expenses (continued)



 
Communications
All notices and communications from the Insurer or the Insurer’s representatives to the Insured Person will be deemed to have been duly sent if sent to the Insured Person’s last known address or, in relation to any matters arising out of any Claim, if sent to the Legal Representative. All notices and communication from the Insured Person to the Insurer should be sent to:
Allianz Legal Protection Allianz-ALP
PO Box 10623
Wigston LE18 9HJ
United Kingdom
Telephone: 0370 243 4340 (open 9am to 5pm, Monday to Friday, excluding Bank Holidays)
Email:	alpenquiries@allianz.co.uk

Additional Services
In addition to the indemnity provided by this Section, further services are available to the Insured. The Insured may access these services at any time during the Period of Insurance, although the Insurer will not be liable to the Insured or Insured Person for any Legal Expenses or other costs or expenses, loss or damage incurred as a result of using the services or any advice received from the provider of these services. This is because these services are not provided by the Insurer. Further, no liability can be accepted for inability to provide any benefits or advice due to breakdown or failure of the telephone network. There may be an additional charge payable by the Insured or Insured Person for the use of these additional services. 

Paragraph 40
Provided always that the insurance by this Section:
a	is not subject to the Policy Exclusions of the General Cover Policy
b	is subject otherwise to all the terms and conditions of the General Cover Policy except where expressly varied within this Section
c	is subject to a maximum Period of lnsurance of 12 months from the Effective Date or any subsequent Renewal Date of this Policy
Any subsequent period of cover of 12 months, or part thereof, provided by this Section is deemed to constitute a separate Period of Insurance, provided that
i	no subsequent Period of lnsurance by this Section shall extend beyond the next Renewal Date of this Policy
ii	the renewal premium due in respect of this Section has been received by the lnsurer
d	is not subject to any Long Term Undertaking applying to the General Cover Policy
e	is not subject to any terms in the General Cover Policy which provide for adjustments of premium. Basis of Settlement
As described in and subject to the terms, definitions, provisions, exclusions and conditions of any General Cover Policy in respect of Damage or Consequential Loss. The most the lnsurer will pay for any one Event is:
a	the Total Sum Insured, or
b	for each item its individual Sum Insured, or
c	any other limit of liability
in the General Cover Policy, whichever is the less, except where the liability of the Insurer exceeds the Total Sum Insured, or for each item its individual Sum Insured, or any other limit of liability in the General Cover Policy, where such excess is solely in respect of any Cover Extension as provided for in the General Cover Policy. Section 7 – Terrorism (continued)



 
Section Exclusions
The Insurer will not pay for

1	Digital and Cyber Risk Exclusion
any losses whatsoever directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from or occasioned by or resulting from:
a	damage to or the destruction of any Computer System or
b	any alteration, modification, distortion, erasure or corruption of Data,
in each case whether the property of the Insured or not, where such loss is directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from or occasioned by or resulting from Virus or Similar Mechanism or Hacking or Phishing or Denial of Service Attack. Provided that this Exclusion 1. will not apply to Damage or Consequential Loss solely to the extent that such Damage or Consequential Loss:
i	results directly (or, solely as regards ii, c below, indirectly) from fire, explosion, flood, escape of water from any tank, apparatus or pipe (including any sprinkler system), impact of aircraft or any aerial devices or articles dropped from them, impact of any sea-going or water-going vessel or of any vehicle whatsoever or of any goods or cargo carried in or on such vessel or vehicle, destruction of, damage to or movement of buildings or structures, plant or machinery other than any Computer System; and
ii	comprises:
a	the cost of reinstatement, replacement or repair in respect of damage to or destruction of Property insured by the Insured; or
b	the amount of business interruption loss suffered directly by the Insured itself by way of loss of or reduction in profits, revenue or turnover or increased cost of working as a direct result of either damage to or destruction of Property insured by the Insured or as a direct result of denial, prevention or hindrance of access to or use of the Property insured by the Insured by reason of an Act of Terrorism causing damage to other Property within one mile of the Property insured by the Insured to which access is affected; or
c	the amount of loss caused by the cancellation, abandonment, postponement, interruption, curtailment or relocation of an event as a result of damage to or
 

destruction of Property and any additional costs or charges reasonably and necessarily paid by the Insured to avoid or diminish such loss; and
iii	is not proximately caused by an Act of Terrorism in relation to which the relevant organisation or any persons acting on behalf of or in connection with that organisation are controlled by, acting on behalf of or part of any de jure or defacto government of any nation, country or state. iv	The meaning of Property for the purposes of this proviso shall (additionally to those exclusions in the definition of Property) exclude:
a	any money (including Money as defined elsewhere in the General Cover Policy), currency, electronic cryptographic or virtual currency including Bitcoin or anything similar, negotiable or non-negotiable instruments, financial securities or any other financial instrument of any sort whatever; and
b	any Data. iv Notwithstanding the exclusion of Data from Property, to the extent that damage to or destruction of Property within the meaning of sub-paragraph ii above indirectly results from any alteration, modification, distortion, erasure or corruption of Data, because the occurrence of one or more of the matters referred to in sub-paragraph i above results directly or indirectly from any alteration, modification, distortion, erasure or corruption of Data, that shall not prevent cost or business interruption loss directly resulting from damage to or destruction of such Property and otherwise falling within sub- paragraphs i and ii above from being recoverable under this Section. In no other circumstances than the previous sentence, however, will any loss or losses directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by or arising from or occasioned by or resulting from any alteration, modification, distortion, erasure or corruption of Data be recoverable under this Section. vi For the avoidance of doubt, the burden of proof shall be on the Insured to prove or establish all the matters referred to in sub- paragraphs i to ii above. 2	Riot, Civil Commotion and War
any losses whatsoever occasioned by riot, civil commotion, war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection or military or usurped power. Section Conditions
1 Burden of Proof
In any action suit or other proceedings where the lnsurer alleges that any damage or loss resulting from damage is not covered by the Terrorism Section, the burden of proving that such damage or loss is covered shall be upon the Insured. Additional Benefits



 
24 Hour Lawphone Legal Advice Helpline
Lawphone provides advice on any commercial legal matter 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. There is no additional charge for the advice provided by Lawphone. The advice the Insured receives from Lawphone will be in accordance with the laws of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. Lawphone does not provide advice on the laws of any other country or jurisdiction. 

Paragraph 42
This service should not be used as a substitute for a formal consultation with the Insured’s accountant or other tax advisor, who can review the Insured’s particular circumstances in more depth than is intended by this service. When contacting the Tax Advice Helpline, the Insured should quote the Master Policy reference contained within the Policy Schedule. Tax Helpline: 0344 873 0244
The Insured can contact the helpline as often as required during the term of the Policy. This helpline is provided by Abbey Tax Protection a trading division of Abbey Tax and Consultancy Services Ltd of One Mitchell Court, Castle Mound Way, Rugby CV23 0UY. Since this service is not provided by the Insurer, the Insurer shall not be liable to the Insured or any Insured Person for any advice given or services rendered by the provider of the Tax Advice Helpline or for any losses incurred in the event that the telephone helpline is not available for any reason. Allianz Legal Online
As part of the Commercial Legal Expenses facility the Insured has access to extensive online business support via Allianz Legal Online. This facility provides tools and services that will help the Insured to produce legal paperwork in connection with the Insured’s Business, for example, bespoke contracts of employment. In addition it provides the Insured with up to date online guidance and advice on many legal issues, such as, employment legal procedures, managing the Insured’s Business and debt recovery. The legal paperwork and guidance will always be in accordance with the laws of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. The Insured can access Allianz Legal Online at:
www.allianzlegal.co.uk. A registration number is required to enter the web site and this is shown within the Commercial Legal Expenses details on the Policy Schedule. If the Insured has any problems relating to Allianz Legal Online please contact the Allianz Legal Online customer services team on 0345 644 8966 or e-mail them at support@allianzlegal.co.uk. If the Insured requires a solicitor review of the document or specialist in-depth advice the Insured will be passed on to a specialist solicitor. There may be an additional charge for any work the solicitor is instructed to undertake by the Insured. Allianz Legal Online is provided by Epoq Legal Ltd of Middlesex House, 29-45 High Street, Edgware, Middlesex HA8 7UU. 

Paragraph 45
We encourage individuals to come to us in the first instance but they are entitled to complain directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) www.ico.org.uk
•	ask us, at any time, to stop processing their personal information, if the processing is based only on individual consent (the right to withdraw consent). If you wish to exercise any of these rights please contact our Customer Satisfaction Manager:
Address: Customer Satisfaction Manager, Allianz, 57 Ladymead, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 1DB
Email:	acccsm@allianz.co.uk
Phone: 01483 552438
10	Allianz (UK) Group Data Protection Officer Contact details Allianz Insurance plc and Allianz Engineering Inspection Services Limited are companies within the Allianz Holdings. Any queries about how we use personal information should be addressed to our Data Protection Officer:
Address: Data Protection Officer, Allianz, 57 Ladymead, Guildford, Surrey GU1 1DB
Email:	dataprotectionofficer@allianz.co.uk
Phone: 0330 102 1837
 


Fair Processing Notice –
how we use personal information (continued)

 
Changes to our Fair Processing Notice
Occasionally it may be necessary to make changes to this fair processing notice. When that happens we will provide an updated version at the earliest opportunity. The most recent version will always be available on our website www.allianz.co.uk
Consent for Special Categories of Personal Data
The global Allianz Group may need to collect and process data relating to individuals who may benefit from the policy (“Insured Persons”), which falls within the special categories of personal data under Data Protection Legislation, for example, medical history or convictions of Insured Persons for the purpose of evaluating the risk and/or administering claims which may occur. You must ensure that you have explicit verbal or written consent from the Insured Persons to such information being processed by the global Allianz Group and that this fact is made known to the Insured Persons. By applying for and/or entering into this insurance policy you will be deemed to specifically consent to the use of the Insured Persons Personal Data in this way and for these purposes and that your directors, officers, partners, and employees have consented to the global Allianz Group using their details in this way. Employers Liability Tracing Office
If your policy provides Employers Liability cover information relating to your insurance policy will be provided to the Employers Liability Tracing Office (the “ELTO”) and added to an electronic database, (the “Database”) in a format set out by the Employer’s Liability Insurance: Disclosure by Insurers Instrument 2010. The Database assists individual consumer claimants who have suffered an employment related injury or disease arising out of their course of employment in the UK whilst working for employers carrying on, or who carried on, business in the UK and as a result are covered by the employers’ liability insurance of their employers, (the “Claimants”):
I	to identify which insurer (or insurers) was (or were) providing employers’ liability cover during the relevant periods of employment; and
II	to identify the relevant employers’ liability insurance policies. The Database and the data stored on it may be accessed and used by the Claimants, their appointed representatives, insurers with potential liability for UK commercial lines employers’ liability insurance cover and any other persons or entities permitted by law. The Database will be managed by the ELTO and further information can be found on the ELTO website www.elto.org.uk
 




























This page is left intentionally blank
 



























This page is left intentionally blank
 

 























































www.allianz.co.uk

Allianz Insurance plc. Registered in England number 84638. Registered office: 57 Ladymead, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 1DB, United Kingdom. Allianz Insurance plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Financial Services Register number 121849. 



Result Category: PROPERTY Insurance
Result found in File: PROPERTY_eSols Property Owners Commercial Policy Wording 2018 Policies which incepted before 01 July_final.txt

Paragraph 2
The sooner We are involved, the more opportunity We have to resolve the claim to Your satisfaction. You must notify Us within seven days if the incident relates to Damage by riot, civil commotion, labour or political disturbances, malicious persons, theft or attempted theft. •	Ensure that any letter or notice received is sent to Us immediately unanswered and unacknowledged. You must also send Us unanswered and unacknowledged any written claim, writ, summons or other document relating to a claim and tell Us of any pending prosecution, coroner’s inquest or fatal accident inquiry and give Us full details of any verbal claims made against You. •	Any Bodily Injury to an Employee should be reported to Us regardless of whether a formal claim has been made against You. We can then decide whether We need to investigate and provide advice to You. Don’t
•	Dispose of any evidence or damaged items - We may wish to see them. •	Wait for estimates to be obtained for work to be carried out before notifying Us of a claim. •	Admit or deny responsibility for any incident involving Bodily Injury to others or Damage to their property. Replacement service
We have a number of suppliers that can repair the Property Insured or replace items lost, stolen or damaged beyond repair. If one of Our suppliers is used You will not need to obtain estimates and We will settle directly with the supplier. You will be responsible for the payment of any applicable Excess. You will only be responsible for payment of the VAT element if You are VAT registered. You will be invoiced accordingly. CONTENTS
Your Policy Wording is made up of individual Sections. 

Paragraph 23
(2)	the judgment was obtained in a court within The Defined Territories. (4)	Legal Expenses arising from Health and Safety Legislation
We will indemnify The Insured in respect of:
(1)	legal fees and expenses incurred with Our written consent for defending proceedings, including appeals
(2)	costs of prosecution awarded against The Insured
which arise from any health and safety inquiry or criminal proceedings for any breach of the Health and Safety at Work Act etc. 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978. (3)	there is no appeal outstanding to the judgment. (4)	the Employee, or his or her personal representative, assigns the judgment debt to Us. (5)	Our Right of Recovery
The indemnity granted by this Section is deemed to be in accordance with the provisions of any law relating to the compulsory insurance of liability to Employees in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands. However, You will repay to Us all sums We would not have been liable to pay but for the provisions of such law. (6)	Payment for Court Attendance
We will compensate You if, at Our request, You, any director, partner or Employee of Yours, is attending court as a witness in connection with a claim for which The Insured is entitled to indemnity. The maximum We will pay for:

(1) You, each director or partner is	£250 per day. (2) each Employee is	£150 per day. PROPERTY OWNER'S LIABILITY SECTION
(only applicable if stated as insured in The Schedule)

DEFINITIONS
(also refer to the Policy Definitions at the front of this Policy Wording). The following definitions apply to this Section and shall keep the same meaning wherever they appear in the Section. Bodily Injury
Bodily injury including death, illness, disease or nervous shock. Compensation Damages, including interest. Costs and Expenses
(1)	fees for The Insured’s legal representation at
(a)	any Coroner’s Inquest or Fatal Accident Inquiry
(b)	proceedings in any Court of Summary Jurisdiction arising out of any alleged breach of statutory duty
(2)	costs and expenses incurred with Our written consent

(3)	any claimant’s legal costs for which The Insured is legally liable in connection with any event which is or may be the subject of indemnity under this Section. 

Paragraph 34
Details of Our approved tenant referencing companies are available online at http://www.arclegal.co.uk/informationcentre/index.php

Territorial Limits
United Kingdom. We/Us/Our/Ourselves
Arc Legal Assistance Limited who administer claims under this insurance on behalf of the Insurers. You/Your
The individual or organisation shown in the insurance schedule as the Policyholder and defined in the Tenancy Agreement as the ‘Landlord’ who has paid the premium and been declared to Insurers. If You die Your personal representatives will be covered to pursue cases covered by this insurance on behalf of You that arose prior to Your death. COVER
Section 1. Tenant Eviction
What is insured

Legal Costs and Expenses incurred by You in a Legal Action to evict a Tenant who is in breach of the Tenancy Agreement. Maximum Amount Payable:
£50,000. Excess:
£1000
 
 
. Section 2. Non-Tenancy Property Infringement
What is insured

Legal Costs and Expenses incurred by You in a Legal Action for nuisance or trespass against the person or organisation infringing Your legal rights in relation to the Insured Property. Maximum Amount Payable:
£50,000. Excess:
Nil

 

Section 3. Criminal Prosecution Defence
What is insured

Legal Costs and Expenses incurred by You in defending a Legal Action as a result of a prosecution against You in a court of criminal jurisdiction where You are charged for committing a criminal offence directly and solely arising from Your ownership of the Insured Property. You must take all steps to comply with any regulations and keep evidence of compliance. Maximum Amount Payable:
£50,000
 

Excess:
Nil

























Section 4 - Rent Guarantee Insurance
This section of cover only applies where You have paid the appropriate additional premium and cover for Rent Guarantee Insurance is shown separately from Legal Expenses Insurance as insured on Your policy schedule. 

Paragraph 42
(3) (a) Money
(b)	securities or bonds
(c)	jewellery or precious stones
(d)	precious metals or bullion
(e)	furs or curios
(f)	rare books or works of art
(g)	goods held in trust or on commission
(h)	documents or manuscripts
(i)	business books or computer systems records
(j)	explosives
(k)	property in transit unless specifically mentioned. However, Exclusions (3) (a) to (k) do not apply to the following Sections, when insured by this Policy
(1)	Terrorism
(2)	Employers’ Liability
(3)	Property Owner’s Liability

(4)	any claim which arises directly or indirectly from or consists of the failure or inability of any
(a)	electronic circuit, microchip, integrated circuit, microprocessor, embedded system, hardware, software, firmware, program, computer, data processing equipment, telecommunication equipment or systems, or any similar device
(b)	media or systems used in connection with anything referred to in (4) (a) above whether Your property or not, at any time to achieve any or all of the purposes and consequential effects intended by the use of any number, symbol or word to denote a date and this includes without any limitation the failure or inability to recognise, capture, save, retain or restore and, or correctly to manipulate, interpret, transmit, return, calculate or process any date, data, information, command, logic or instruction as a result of
(i)	recognising, using or adopting any date, day of the week or period of time, otherwise than as, or other than, the true or correct date, day of the week or period of time
(ii)	the operation of any command or logic which has been programmed or incorporated into anything referred to in (4) (a) and (4) (b) above. However,
(1)	We will not exclude any claim for subsequent loss or destruction of or damage to any property or Consequential Loss which itself results from a Defined Contingency arising under any of the following Sections, but only to the extent that such claim would otherwise be insured under that Section
(a)	Property Damage All Risks
(b)	Loss of Rent


(2)	Exclusions (4) (a) and (b) do not apply to the following Sections, when insured by this Policy
(a)	Terrorism
(b)	Employers’ Liability
 



 
Definition
The following definition only applies to this exclusion

Defined Contingency
fire, lightning, explosion, aircraft and other aerial devices or articles dropped from them, riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances, malicious persons other than thieves, earthquake, storm, flood, escape of water from any tank apparatus or pipe, impact by any road vehicle or animal, or theft. (5)	any claim (other than in respect of Personal Injury as defined under the Property Owner’s Liability Section) arising directly or indirectly from, or in connection with, or consisting of
(a)	Loss of Data
However, We will not exclude any claim arising directly or indirectly from, or in connection with, or consisting of Loss of Data, which claim is not otherwise excluded and which results from a Malicious Contingency involving physical force and violence or a Specified Contingency where either is insured under any of the following Sections of the Policy and only to the same extent that such claim is insured under that Section
(i)	Property Damage All Risks
(ii)	Loss of Rent

Exclusion (5) (a) above does not apply to the Property Owners Liability Section, when insured by this Policy. (b)	any loss, destruction or damage, Failure of Loss of Data resulting directly or indirectly from, or in connection with: Virus or Similar Mechanism, Denial of Service Attack, unauthorised access to or use of Computer and Electronic Equipment. However, We will not exclude any claim in respect of any subsequent physical loss or destruction of or damage to property other than Computer and Electronic Equipment and Data Storage Materials, which is not otherwise excluded and which results from a Malicious Contingency involving physical force and violence or a Specified Contingency where either is insured under any of the following Sections of the Policy and only to the same extent that such subsequent physical loss or destruction of or damage to property is insured under that Section
(i)	Property Damage All Risks
(ii)	Loss of Rent

Exclusion (5) (a) and (5) (b) above do not apply to the following Sections, when insured by this Policy
(1)	Terrorism
(2)	Employers’ Liability


(6)	any liability, death, injury loss, destruction or damage or any cost or expense of whatsoever nature or wheresoever arising resulting directly or indirectly from or in connection with any of the following regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss
(a)	Terrorism
(b)	civil commotion in Northern Ireland
(c)	any action taken in controlling, preventing, suppressing or in any way relating to (6) (a) and, or (6) (b) above. Except as stated in Special Provisions – Terrorism below. For the purposes of the Property Damage and Loss of Rent Sections, Terrorism is defined as any act or acts including, but not limited to
(i)	in respect of damage occurring in England Wales and Scotland only (but not the territorial seas adjacent thereto as defined by the Territorial Seas Act 1987 nor the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands) acts of persons acting on behalf of or in connection with any organisation which carries out activities directed towards the overthrowing or influencing by force or violence Her Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom or any other government de jure or de facto
(ii)	in respect of damage occurring in any territory not specified in (i) above any act or acts including but not limited to
•	the use or threat of force and, or violence and, or harm
•	or damage to life or to property (or the threat of such harm or damage) including but not limited to harm or damage by nuclear and, or chemical and, or biological and, or radiological means
caused or occasioned by any person(s)or group(s) of persons or so claimed in whole or in part for political religious ideological or similar purposes. In any action suit or other proceedings where We allege that any damage results from Terrorism as defined above and is therefore not covered by this Section, the burden of proving that any such damage is covered under this Section will be upon You. For the purposes of the Employers Liability and Property Owners Liability Section, Terrorism is defined as any act or acts including but not limited to
(i)	the use or threat of force and, or violence and, or
(ii)	harm or damage to life or to Property (or the threat of
such harm or damage) including but not limited to harm or damage by nuclear and, or chemical and, or biological and, or radiological means
caused or occasioned by any person(s) or group(s) or of persons or so claimed in whole or in part for political, religious, ideological or similar purposes. Special Provisions - Terrorism
Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy the exclusions in 6 (a) and 6 (c) (in so far as it relates to 6(a)) above shall not apply to the following Sections
(a)	Property Damage and, or Loss of Rent in respect of houses and flats insured in the name of an individual who does not own such property in The Business of a sole trader but provided that the exclusions in 6 (a) and 6 (c) shall apply to such property in respect of harm or damage to life or to property (or the threat of such harm or damage) by nuclear and, or chemical and, or biological and, or radiological means
(b)	Employers’ Liability but the Limit of Indemnity for the purposes of this Special Provision – Terrorism is limited to
£5,000,000 including Costs and Expenses
(c)	Property Owners Liability but the Limit of Indemnity for the purposes of this Special Provision – Terrorism is limited to
£2,000,000 or any other amount specified in The Schedule
for Property Owners Liability whichever is the lower
(d)	Terrorism, when insured by this Policy. POLICY CONDITIONS
Each Section of the Policy contains Conditions. They must be read in conjunction with the following Policy Conditions which apply to all Sections, other than Legal Expenses Insurance Section, unless otherwise stated. Where: (i) there has been a failure to comply with a term (express or implied) of this Policy, other than a term which defines the risk as a whole; and (ii) compliance with such term would tend to reduce the risk of loss of a particular kind and/or loss at a particular location and/or loss at a particular time, We cannot rely on the breach of such term to exclude, limit or discharge its liability if You show that the failure to comply with such term could not have increased the risk of the loss which actually occurred in the circumstances in which it occurred. If You breach any warranty in this Policy, Our liability under the Policy shall be suspended from the time of the breach until the time when the breach is remedied (if it is capable of being remedied). 

Paragraph 47
Further information is available from the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Their telephone number is 0800 678 1100 or 020 7741 4100. Alternatively, more information can be found at www.fscs.org.uk. GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION PRIVACY NOTICE
Pen Underwriting Limited are the data controller of any personal information You provide to Us or personal information that has been provided to Us by a third party. We collect and process information about You in order to arrange insurance policies and to process claims. Your information is also used for business purposes such as fraud prevention and detection and financial management. This may involve sharing Your information with third parties such as insurers, brokers, reinsurers, claims handlers, loss adjusters, credit reference agencies, service providers, professional advisors, our regulators, police and government agencies or fraud prevention agencies. We may record telephone calls to help Us monitor and improve the service We provide. For further information on how Your information is used and Your rights in relation to Your information please see our
Privacy Policy - https://www.penunderwriting.co.uk/Privacy-and-Cookies. If You are providing personal data of another individual to Us, You must tell them You are providing their information to Us and show them a copy of this notice. 



Result Category: PROPERTY Insurance
Result found in File: PROPERTY_Liberty-SECT-Policy-Wording_final.txt

Paragraph 4
For the avoidance of doubt, the Limit of Indemnity is inclusive of the relevant Deductible stated in the Schedule. Loss of a Limb shall mean loss by physical separation of a hand, at or above the wrist, or of a foot, at or above the ankle, and includes total and irrecoverable loss of use of hand, arm, foot, or leg. Loss of Sight shall mean the total and irrecoverable loss of sight in one or both eyes. Machinery/Plant shall mean the machinery, plant, fixtures and fittings, tenants improvements, alterations and decorations, Computer Equipment and All Other Contents all belonging to the Insured or held by the Insured in trust, or on commission, for which they are responsible or wish to assume responsibility but excluding:

(a)	landlord’s fixtures and fittings;

(b)	Stock;

(c)	Money;

(d)	Computer Equipment otherwise insured. Maximum Indemnity Period shall be as stated in the Schedule. Media shall mean solely the materials on which Data and/or Programs are recorded. Money shall mean current coin, bank, and currency notes, cheques, travellers cheques, postal and money orders, current unused postage stamps, national savings stamps, and certificates, premium bonds, luncheon vouchers, credit card sales vouchers, unused franking machine units, trading stamps, gift tokens, customer redemption vouchers, holiday and pay stamps, banker’s drafts, promissory notes, savings bonds, securities, bills of exchange, dividend warrants, V.A.T. purchase invoices, consumer redemption vouchers, company sales vouchers or other negotiable instruments belonging to the Insured or for which the Insured is responsible. Notifiable Disease shall mean illness sustained by any person resulting from:

(a)	food or drink poisoning; or,

(b)	acute encephalitis
acute infectious hepatitis acute meningitis
acute poliomyelitis anthrax
botulism brucellosis chicken pox cholera diphtheria dysentery
haemolytic uraemic syndrome legionellosis
legionnaires disease leprosy
 

 
leptospirosis malaria measles
meningococcal infection mumps
opthalmia neonatorum paratyphoid fever plague
rabies rubella scarlet fever small pox
streptococcal disease tetanus
tuberculosis typhoid fever typhus
viral hemorrhagic fever viral hepatitis whooping cough yellow fever. Nuclear Installation shall mean any installation of such class or description as may be prescribed by regulations made by the relevant Secretary of State by statutory instrument being an installation designed or adapted for:

(a)	the production or use of atomic energy;

(b)	the carrying out of any process which is preparatory or ancillary to the production or use of atomic energy and which involves or is capable of causing the emission of ionising radiations;

(c)	the storage, processing or disposal of nuclear fuel, or of bulk quantities of other radioactive matter, being matter which has been produced or irradiated in the course of the production or use of nuclear fuel. Nuclear Reactor shall mean any plant (including any machinery, equipment or appliance, whether affixed to land or not) designed or adapted for the production of atomic energy by a fission process in which a controlled chain reaction can be maintained without an additional source of neutrons. Outstanding Debit Balances shall mean the total amount outstanding in customers’ accounts as set out in the Insured’s accounts as at the end of the last calendar month, adjusted for:

(a)	bad debts;

(b)	amounts debited, or invoiced but not debited, and credited, including credit notes and cash not passed through the books at the time of the Incident, to customers' accounts in the period between the date to which said last statement relates and the date of the Incident; and,

(c)	any abnormal conditions of trade which had or could have had a material effect on the Business;

so that the figure thus adjusted shall represent as nearly as reasonably practicable those which would have been obtained at the date of an Incident had the Incident not occurred. Permanent Total Disablement shall mean disablement for at least 104 (not necessarily consecutive) weeks from engaging in, or giving attention to, a profession or occupation of any kind. Phishing shall mean any access or attempted access to Computer Data or information made by means of misrepresentation or deception. Pollutants shall mean any solid, liquid, gaseous, or thermal irritants, smoke, vapour, soot, fumes, acids, alkalis, chemicals, waste, or other substances or contaminants, moulds or other fungi (including but not limited to mildew or mycotoxins or spores or any other substance or product produced or released by moulds or fungi); which actually or are alleged to adversely affect land, water, atmosphere, property, buildings, other structures, or people, animals, plants, and all other living organisms, or the general environment. 

Paragraph 22
Subsidence

The Company shall not indemnify the Insured under Sections 1 to 3 against any loss caused by or consisting of subsidence or ground heave or landslip:

(a)	of yards, car-parks, roads, pavements, walls, gates and fences unless a Building at the Premises insured hereby is also Damaged thereby;

(b)	caused by or consisting of:

(i)	the normal settlement or bedding down of new structures;

(ii)	the settlement or movement of made-up ground;

(iii)	coastal or river erosion;

(iv)	defective design or workmanship or the use of defective materials;

(v)	fire, subterranean fire, explosion, earthquake or the escape of water from any tank, apparatus or pipe. (c)	where Damage originated prior to the inception of this Policy;

(d)	caused by:

(i)	demolition, construction, structural alteration or repair of any property; or,

(ii)	groundworks or excavation; at the Premises. 33. Terrorism

The Company shall not indemnify the Insured against:

(a)	any loss occasioned by or happening through or in consequence directly or indirectly of Terrorism regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss;

(b)	any loss cost or expense of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by, resulting from or in connection with, any action taken in controlling, preventing, suppressing, or in any way related to Terrorism. In any action, suit, or other proceedings where the Company alleges that by reason of the provisions of this Exception any loss is not covered any Section of this Policy the burden of proving that such loss is covered shall be upon the Insured. 34. Theft

The Company shall not indemnify the Insured under Sections 1 to 3 and 5 against any loss caused directly by or consisting of theft or any attempted theft:

(a)	which does not involve entry to, or exit from, the Premises by forcible and violent means;

(b)	of Property Insured whilst left in any yard, open space, or open sided building;

(c)	by or in collusion with any Employee or any other person lawfully on the Premises unless such loss is notified to the Company within 30 days of it occurring. 35. Unoccupied Buildings

The Company shall not indemnify the Insured under Sections 1 to 3 against any loss caused:

(a)	by freezing;

(b)	by escape of water from any tank, apparatus or pipe;

(c)	other than by fire or explosion, by malicious persons, not acting on behalf of, or in connection with, any political organisation;

(d)	by theft or attempted theft;

in respect of any Building which is Unoccupied. 36. Vehicles, Construction, Agriculture and Roads

The Company shall not indemnify the Insured under Sections 1 to 3 against any loss in respect of:

(a)	vehicles licensed for road use (including accessories thereon), caravans, trailers, railway locomotives, rolling stock, watercraft, or aircraft;

(b)	property or structures in course of construction or erection, and materials or supplies in connection with any such property in the course of construction or erection;

(c)	land, roads, pavements, piers, jetties, bridges, culverts, or excavations;

(d)	livestock, growing crops, or trees; other than:
(i)	under Section 1 where specifically insured;

(ii)	under Section 2 - where Business Interruption is caused by a Defined Peril and such property or sites are specifically insured or noted under the description of Premises. 37. War

The Company shall not indemnify the Insured against any loss or liability arising directly or indirectly in consequence of:

(a)	war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities or a warlike operation or operations (whether war be declared or not) civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, sabotage, mutiny, martial law, military or usurped power;

(b)	nationalisation, confiscation, requisition, seizure or destruction by any government or any public authority;

(c)	any action taken in controlling, preventing, suppressing or in any way relating to (a) and/or
(b) above. 38. Water Table

The Company shall not indemnify the Insured under Sections 1 to 3 against any loss attributable solely to change in the water table level. 

Paragraph 29
Personal Accident Assault

Under Section 4:

(a)	(i) Compensation shall not be payable under more than one of the Benefits in connection with the same accident;

(ii)	on the happening of any Assault Injury this Section shall thereafter cease to apply to the Insured Person;

(iii)	Permanent Total Disablement shall have lasted 104 weeks before Benefit 4 becomes payable;

(iv)	the weekly rate provided by Benefit 5 as stated in The Schedule shall not exceed the rate of the pre-accident weekly earnings of the Insured Person;

(v)	no sum payable under this Section shall carry interest;

(vi)	no benefit shall be payable due solely to inability to take part in sports or pastimes. (b)	Any certificates, information, and evidence required by the Company shall be furnished free of expense in the form described by the Company. The Insured Person shall as often as required submit to medical examination on behalf of, and at the expense of, the Company in connection with any claim. 34. Professional Accountants

Any particulars or details contained in the Insured's books of account or other business books, records, or documents, which may be required by the Company under the Claims Conditions the purpose of investigating or verifying any claim under any of those Sections, may be produced by professional accountants or auditors if at the time they are regularly acting as such for the Insured, and their report shall be prima facie evidence of the particulars and details to which such report relates. The Company will pay to the Insured the reasonable charges payable by the Insured to their professional accountants or auditors for producing such particulars or details or any other proof, information, or evidence, as may be required by the Company and reporting that such particulars or details are in accordance with the Insured's books of account or other business books, records, or documents. 35. Reasonable Precautions

The Insured shall at their own expense take all reasonable care to prevent accidents, loss, and Damage and maintain the Premises, plant, vehicles, and anything else used in connection with the Business, in proper repair. The Insured shall make good or remedy any defect and danger which becomes apparent, or take such additional precautions as the circumstance may require. 36. Reinstatement

If the Company elects or becomes bound to reinstate any Property Insured, the Insured shall at their own expense produce and give to the Company all such plans, documents, books, and information as the Company may reasonably require. The Company shall not be bound to reinstate exactly or completely but only as circumstances permit and in a reasonably sufficient manner and shall not in any case be bound to expend in respect of any one of the Items shown in the Schedule more than the Limit of Indemnity stated. 37. Security Protections

It shall be a condition precedent to liability under Sections 1, 2 and 5 that the Insured shall comply with the following provisions in respect of any intruder alarm installed at the Premises:

(a)	it is regularly and efficiently maintained under a maintenance contract with an alarm company;

(b)	it is brought into full and effective operation whenever the Premises are closed for business;

(c)	the alarm company is immediately advised of any apparent defect in the intruder alarm;

(d)	the Company is notified immediately and in writing if the Insured receives written notification from a police authority warning of possible or intended withdrawal of response to calls from the intruder alarm;

(e)	the agreement of the Company is obtained in writing before replacing, extending, or otherwise altering the intruder alarm;

(f)	whenever the Premises are left unattended the Insured shall ensure that:

(i)	all locks, bolts, and other protective devices are in full operation;

(ii)	details of any codes used for the operation of the intruder alarm and all keys to the intruder alarm shall be either removed from the Premises or placed within a locked safe or strong room, the keys to which are themselves removed from the Premises. 38. 

Paragraph 31
CLAIMS CONDITIONS


1. Contribution and other insurances

If at the time of loss there may be any other insurance effected by or on behalf of the Insured applicable to such loss, the liability of the Company under any of Sections 1 to 6 shall be limited to its rateable proportion of such loss. If any such other insurance shall be subject to any condition of average this Policy, if not already subject to any condition of average, shall be subject to average in like manner. If any such other insurance effected by or on behalf of the Insured is expressed to cover any of the Property Insured but is subject to any provision whereby it is excluded from ranking concurrently with this Policy either in whole, or in part, or from contributing rateably to the loss, the liability of the Company shall be limited to such proportion of the loss as the relevant Limit of Indemnity under this Policy bears to the value of the property. 2. Notice of loss

It shall be a condition precedent to liability that in the event of any loss the Insured:

(a)	notifies the Claims Manager in writing as soon as reasonably practicable but, in any event, within 30 days of its happening, and within 7 days of its happening in the case of loss caused by riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked-out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances, or malicious persons; or within such additional time as the Claims Manager or the Company may in writing allow. (b)	notifies the Police Authority immediately it becomes evident that any loss has been caused by malicious persons or theft or any attempt thereat. (c)	carries out and permits to be taken any action which may be reasonably practicable to prevent further loss. (d)	delivers to the Claims Manager or, if the Claims Manager or the Company so requires, to the Company, at the Insured's expense:

(i)	full information in writing of the property Damaged and of the amount of loss;
 
(ii)	details of any other insurances on any Property Insured within 30 days after such loss, and within 7 days in the case of loss caused by riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked-out workers, or persons taking part in labour disturbances, or malicious persons; or within such additional time as the Claims Manager or the Company may in writing allow;

(iii)	all such proof and information relating to the loss as the Claims Manager or the Company may reasonably require;

(iv)	if demanded, a statutory declaration of the truth of the claim and of any matters connected with it. (e)	shall, under Section 2 Business Interruption, at their own expense:

(i)	with due diligence carry out and permit to be taken any action which may reasonably be practicable, to minimise or check any interruption or interference with the Business, or to avoid or diminish the loss;

(ii)	not later than 30 days after the expiry of the Indemnity Period provide details of the claim and any other applicable insurances;

(iii)	deliver to the Claims Manager or, if the Claims Manager or the Company so requires, to the Company, such books of account, and other business books, vouchers, invoices, balance sheets, and other documents, proof, information, explanation, and other evidence as may reasonably be required. If the terms of this Condition have not been complied with:

A.	no claim under this Policy shall be payable; and;

B.	any payment on account of the claim(s) already made, shall be repaid to the Company. 3. Subrogation

Where the Company is entitled to be subrogated in respect of any loss or liability, any claimant under this Policy shall, at the request and the expense of the Company allow to be done anything that may be necessary for the purpose of enforcing any such rights and remedies in order to obtain indemnity from other parties, whether before or after any payment by the Company. 4. Subrogation Waiver

The Company agrees to waive any rights, remedies, or relief to which it might become entitled by subrogation against:

(a)	any company standing in the relation of parent to subsidiary (or subsidiary to parent) to the Insured. 

Paragraph 33
Where you provide us or your agent or broker with details about other people, you must provide this notice to them. In order for us to deliver our insurance services, deal with any claims or complaints that might arise and prevent and detect fraud, we need to collect and process personal data. The type of personal data that we collect will depend on our relationship with you: for example as a policyholder, third party claimant or witness to an incident. Your information will also be used for business and management activities such as financial management and analysis. This may involve sharing your information
 

with, and obtaining information about you from, our group companies and third parties such as brokers, credit reference agencies, reinsurers, claims handlers and loss adjusters, professional advisors, our regulators or fraud prevention agencies. We also collect personal data about our suppliers and business partners (such as brokers) for the purposes of business management and relationship development. Please see the full privacy notice available at www.libertyspecialtymarkets.com/privacy-cookies for further information on how your personal data is used and the rights that you have in relation to the personal data we hold about you. Please contact us using the details above if you wish to see the privacy notice in hard copy. COMPANY INFORMATION

Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe SE (LMIE) trading as Liberty Specialty Markets, a member of the Liberty Mutual Insurance Group. Registered office: 5-7 rue Léon Laval, L-3372 Leudelange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, Registered Number B232280 (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés). LMIE is a European public limited liability company and is supervised by the Commissariat aux Assurances and licensed by the Luxembourg Minister of Finance as an insurance and reinsurance company. LMIE’s UK branch registered address is 20 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 3AW which is authorised by the Commissariat aux Assurances and subject to limited regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority (registered number 829959). Details about the extent of regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority are available from LMIE on request. www.libertyspecialtymarkets.com 



Result Category: PROPERTY Insurance
Result found in File: PROPERTY_Property-Owner-Policy-Wording_final.txt

Paragraph 4
For Allianz Insurance plc

Jonathan Dye Chief Executive


Policy Definitions

The following definitions apply to this Policy (unless amended by Section Definitions) and are denoted by a capital first letter throughout this Policy. Building/Buildings
The buildings at the Premises being, unless more specifically described, built mainly of brick, stone, concrete or other non-combustible materials, including:
•	landlord’s fixtures and fittings (including communal television and radio receiving aerials, satellite dishes and related fittings on or in residential Premises), fixed glass, fixed sanitaryware, walls, gates and fences in, on or pertaining to the buildings
•	telephone, gas, water and electric instruments, meters, piping, cabling and the like and their accessories in, on or pertaining to the buildings including such property in adjoining yards or roadways or underground at the Premises and extending to the public mains
•	fuel tanks and their ancillary equipment, pipework and the like at the Premises
•	small outside buildings, annexes, gangways, conveniences and other small structures at the Premises
 
•	roads, car parks, yards, paved areas, hard-surfaced areas, pavements and footpaths at the Premises. Business
The business description stated in the Schedule. Contents
Contents of Common Parts and All Other Contents

Contents of Common Parts
Fitted carpets, furnishings and other contents in reception and storage areas and other communal parts of the Buildings including
•	the contents of fuel tanks at the Premises
•	portable communal property in the open grounds of and used in connection with the Buildings. Excess
The first part of each and every claim, for which the Insured is responsible

Insured
The insured named and shown in the Schedule

Insurer
Allianz Insurance plc

Period of Insurance
The period from the Effective Date to the Renewal Date as shown in the Schedule

Policy
The documents described in the Introduction

Premises
Address as stated in the Schedule

Property/Property Insured
Buildings, Contents of Common Parts, All Other Contents and other Property belonging to the Insured or for which the Insured is responsible, as shown and/or described in the Schedule. The Insurer agrees to accept the heading under which any Property or other item has been entered in the books of the Insured. Resident
The owner, lessee or tenant of any self contained unit of residential accommodation forming part of the Building and/or members of their household

Schedule
The part of this Policy that details information forming part of this contract and that shows the Sections of this Policy selected
 

Section/Sections
The parts of this Policy that detail the insurance cover provided for each individual section of this Policy

Sum Insured
Maximum amount the Insurer will pay for each item insured under any Section

Total Sum Insured
The total amount the Insurer will pay under any Section

All Other Contents
Any contents that are not Contents of Common Parts, including
•	deeds, documents, manuscripts and business books, but only for the cost of the materials and clerical labour incurred in reproducing such records
•	computer systems records, but only for the cost of the materials and of clerical labour and computer time incurred in reproducing such records, for an amount not exceeding £10,000 in total and so far as they are not otherwise insured
•	partners’, directors’ and employees’ personal effects of every description (other than motor vehicles) whilst at the Premises, for an amount not exceeding £500 for any one person. Unoccupied
Any Building or part of any Building which is unfurnished or untenanted or no longer in active use for a period exceeding 30 consecutive days
 
Policy Conditions




 
Applicable unless stated to the contrary under the conditions in the Sections

1 Fair Presentation of the Risk
a	The Insured must make a fair presentation of the risk to the Insurer at inception, renewal and variation of the Policy. b	The Insurer may avoid the Policy and refuse to pay any claims where any failure to make a fair presentation is:
i	deliberate or reckless; or
ii	of such other nature that, if the Insured had made a fair presentation, the Insurer would not have issued the Policy. The Insurer will return the premium paid by the Insured unless the failure to make a fair presentation is deliberate or reckless. c	If the Insurer would have issued the Policy on different terms had the Insured made a fair presentation, the Insurer will not avoid the Policy (except where the failure is deliberate or reckless) but the Insurer may instead:
i	reduce proportionately the amount paid or payable on any claim, the proportion for which the Insurer is liable being calculated by comparing the premium actually charged as a percentage of the premium which the Insurer would have charged had the Insured made a fair presentation; and/or
ii	treat the Policy as if it had included such additional terms (other than those requiring payment of premium) as the Insurer would have imposed had the Insured made a fair presentation. For the purposes of this condition references to:
a	avoiding a Policy means treating the Policy as if it had not existed from the inception date (where the failure to make a fair presentation of the risk occurs before or at the inception of the Policy), the renewal date (where the failure occurs at renewal of the Policy), or the variation date (where the failure occurs when the Policy is varied);
b	refunds of premium should be treated as refunds of premium back to the inception date, renewal date or variation date as the context requires;
c	issuing a Policy should be treated as references to issuing the Policy at inception, renewing or varying the Policy as the context requires. 2	Reasonable Precautions
The Insured shall take all reasonable care
a to prevent accident and any injury or damage b to observe and comply with statutory or local
authority laws, obligations and requirements c in the selection and supervision of employees
d	to maintain the Property Insured used in connection with the Business in efficient and safe working order
e	to make good or remedy any defect or danger which becomes apparent and take such additional precautions as the circumstances may require. 3	Claims – Action by the Insured
The Insured shall in the event of any injury, loss, destruction, damage or consequential loss as a result of which a claim is or may be made under this Policy or any Section of it, and again upon receipt by the Insured in writing of any notice of any claims or
legal proceeding
a	notify the Insurer within 30 days, or 7 days in the case of loss, destruction, damage or consequential loss by riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked-out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances, malicious persons or theft, or such further time as the Insurer may allow
b	notify the Insurer immediately upon being advised of any prosecution, inquest or enquiry connected with any injury, loss, destruction, damage or consequential loss which may form the subject
of a claim under this Policy
c	notify the police as soon as it becomes evident that any loss, destruction, damage has been caused by theft or malicious persons
d	pass immediately, and unacknowledged, any letter of claim to the Insurer
e	carry out and permit to be taken any action which may be reasonably practicable to prevent further loss, destruction, damage or consequential loss
f	retain unaltered and unrepaired anything in any way connected with the injury, loss, destruction, damage or consequential loss for as long as the Insurer may reasonably require
 




 

g	furnish with all reasonable despatch at the Insured’s expense
i	such further particulars and information as the Insurer may reasonably require
ii	if required, a statutory declaration of the truth of the claim
iii	details of any other insurance covering the subject matter of the claim under this Policy and any matters connected with it
h	make available at the Insured’s expense any documents required by the Insurer with regard to any letter of claim
i	not pay or offer or agree to pay any money or make any admission of liability without the previous consent of the Insurer
j	allow the Insurer in the name of and on behalf of the Insured to take over and, during such periods as the Insurer thinks necessary, to have control of all negotiations and proceedings which may arise in respect of any claims and the settlement thereof and co-operate fully with the Insurer for that purpose
No claim under this Policy shall be payable and any payment on account of a claim already made shall be repaid to the Insurer, if the terms of this Policy Condition are not complied with. 4	Claims – The Rights of the Insurer
In respect of loss, destruction or damage for which a claim is made, the Insurer and any person authorised by the Insurer may without incurring any liability or diminishing any of the Insured’s rights in respect of the cover under this Policy, enter premises where such loss, destruction or damage has occurred, and take possession of or require to be delivered to the Insurer any Property insured, and to deal with such Property for all reasonable purpose and in any reasonable manner. 

Paragraph 6
The Insured will be notified in writing if the policy is cancelled;
b	Continued failure by the Insured to comply with the terms and conditions of this Policy;
c	Failure by the Insured to allow the Insurer to complete a survey (where the Policy has been issued or renewed subject to a survey);
d	Failure by the Insured to adhere to, or implement, any risk improvement requirements or conditions required by the Insurer, including any changes required by any survey or claims adjusters report, within a reasonable period of time as advised by the Insurer;
e	Material change in the risk or the sums insured;
f	Failure by the Insured to co-operate with the Insurer or provide the Insurer with information or documentation reasonably required by the Insurer and the lack of co-operation by the Insured affects the Insurers ability to process a claim or defend the Insurers interests or make risk based underwriting decisions. In this case the Insurer will write to the Insured giving notice of cancellation of this Policy in the event that the Insured does not cooperate to provide the information or documentation reasonably required within a period of 14 days starting from the date provided in the letter; or
g	The Insured’s use of threatening, abusive or intimidating behaviour or inappropriate language or bullying of the Insurers staff or suppliers. If the Insurer does cancel this Policy, provided no claim has been made or incident has arisen which is likely to give rise to a claim during the current Period of Insurance the Insured will be entitled to a proportionate return of the premium in respect of the unexpired Period of Insurance. The amount of premium refund payable will be reduced by all unpaid premiums or unpaid premium instalments due. 6	Fraud
If the Insured or anyone acting on the Insured's behalf: a makes any false or fraudulent claim;
b	makes any exaggerated claim;
c	supports a claim by false or fraudulent documents, devices or statements (whether or not the claim is itself genuine); or
d	makes a claim for loss or damage which the Insured or anyone acting on the Insured's behalf deliberately caused;
the Insurer will:
i	refuse to pay the whole of the claim; and
ii	recover from the Insured any sums that it has already paid in respect of the claim. The Insurer may also notify the Insured that it will be treating the Policy as having terminated with effect from the date of the earliest of any of the acts set out in sub-clauses a–d above. In that event, the Insured will:
a	have no cover under the Policy from the date of the termination; and
b	not be entitled to any refund of premium. 7	Subrogation
Any claimant under this Policy shall, at the Insurer’s request and expense, take or permit to be taken all necessary steps for enforcing rights against any other party in the name of the Insured, before or after the Insurer makes any payment. The Insurer agrees to waive any such rights to which the Insurer might become entitled by subrogation against any company standing in relation of parent to subsidiary (or subsidiary to parent) to the Insured or against any company which is a subsidiary of a parent company of which the Insured are themselves a subsidiary, in each case within the meaning of the Companies Act or Companies (Northern Ireland) Order current at the time of loss, destruction or damage. 8	Arbitration
If any difference arises as to the amount to be paid under this Policy (liability being otherwise admitted by the Insurer), such difference shall be referred to an arbitrator to be appointed by the Insured and the Insurer in accordance with statutory provisions. Where any difference is referred to this arbitration in accordance with this condition, the making of an award shall be a condition precedent to any right of action against the Insurer. 9	Law Applicable to Contract
Unless agreed otherwise:
a	the language of the Policy and all communications relating to it will be English; and,
b	all aspects of the Policy including negotiation and performance are subject to English law and the decision of the English courts. 10 Rights of Third Parties
A person or company who was not a party to this Policy has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or any subsequent legislation to enforce any term of this Policy but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from such Act. 11 Non Invalidation
This Policy shall not be invalidated by
a	any act or omission or by any alteration or neglect unknown to or beyond the control of the Insured by which the risk of loss, destruction or damage is increased, provided that the Insured shall give notice to the Insurer (and pay an additional premium if required) immediately they become aware of such act, omission, alteration or neglect
b	workmen on the Premises carrying out repairs, general maintenance work or minor structural or other alterations of a contract value not exceeding
£25,000. Alterations of a contract value above this amount should be referred to the Insurer for acceptance prior to such work commencing. 

Paragraph 7
12 Discharge of Liability
The Insurer may pay to the Insured in the event of any one claim or series of claims arising out of one occurrence the specified Limit of Indemnity in respect thereof (after deducting therefrom any sums already paid) or any lesser amount for which the claim(s) can be settled and thereafter be under no further liability in respect of such claim or series of claims arising out of one occurrence except for the amount of any costs and expenses incurred prior to the date of the payment. 13 Unoccupied Buildings
When any Building or portion thereof becomes Unoccupied for a period exceeding 30 consecutive days
a	the Insured must give immediate notice of such unoccupancy to the Insurer and also when such Unoccupied Buildings or portion thereof are again occupied
b	Events 7, 8, 10, 11 and 13 specified in Section 1 – Property Damage and Section 2 – Loss of Rent are not insured in respect of Unoccupied Buildings
c	the following action must be taken by the Insured i the main services are turned off and the
water system is drained whenever the Buildings involved or said portion thereof are unoccupied, except
A electricity when needed to maintain any fire or intruder alarm system(s) in operation, or,
B water supply and heating system(s) where a sprinkler system(s) is in operation
ii	the Buildings are inspected thoroughly internally and externally at least weekly by the Insured or a responsible person appointed by the Insured and a record is maintained of such inspections
iii	any internal or external accumulations of combustible materials be removed
iv	the Buildings are secured against unlawful entry by closing all doors and windows and setting all security locking mechanisms, setting any alarm system(s) and setting any other protective device(s) in operation. d	the Insured must notify the Insurer immediately if the Buildings or portion thereof are to be occupied by contractors for renovation, alteration or conversion purposes. 14 Survey and Risk Improvement Condition
If this Policy has been issued or renewed subject to the Insurer completing a survey or surveys of the Premises or of any other location(s) as specified by the Insurer, then pending completion of such survey(s) cover is provided by the Insurer on the terms, conditions, provisions, exclusions and limits as specified in the Policy and in the Sections of the Policy. In the event that a survey should show that a risk or any part of it is not satisfactory in the opinion of the Insurer, then the Insurer reserves the right to either alter the terms and conditions of the cover or to suspend or withdraw cover from the date cover was incepted or renewed or for any other period specified by the Insurer.It is a condition of the Insurer that the Insured must comply with all survey risk improvements required by the Insurer within completion time scales specified by the Insurer. In the event that a risk improvement is not completed or risk improvement procedures are not introduced within the completion time scales specified by the Insurer, then the Insurer reserves the right to either continue cover subject to alteration of the terms and conditions of such cover, or to suspend or withdraw cover effective
a from the date cover was incepted or renewed or
b from the expiry of any time period specified by the Insurer for completion/introduction of the required survey risk improvements,
or
c for any other period specified by the Insurer
If the terms or conditions of cover are amended by the Insurer, then the Insured will have 14 days to accept or reject the revised basis of cover. If the Insured elect to reject the revised basis of cover, then the Insured may be entitled to a refund of premium (subject to an administration charge) provided that no claim has been made during the current Period of Insurance. If the Insurer exercises the right to suspend or withdraw cover, then the Insured may be entitled to a refund of premium in respect of such period that cover is suspended or for any period beyond the effective date from which cover is withdrawn, provided that no claim has been made during the current Period of Insurance. Except in so far as they are expressly varied by this condition, all of the terms, conditions, provisions, exclusions and limits of the Policy and of the Sections of the Policy shall continue to apply until the Insurer advises otherwise. To the extent that this condition conflicts with any other cancellation condition, this condition shall prevail. 15 Other Insurances
If at the time of any loss, destruction or damage there is any other insurance covering such incidents, the Insurer will only pay their rateable proportion of
such loss. 16 Change of Risk
The Insured must notify the Insurer as soon as possible if during the Period of Insurance there is any alteration:
a in or to the Business; b to or at the Premises;
c to the facts or matters set out in the Statement of Fact or otherwise comprising the risk presentation made by the Insured to the Insurer at inception, renewal or variation of the Policy; which materially increases the risk of injury, loss, Damage or liability. Upon being notified of any such alteration, the Insurer may, at its absolute discretion:
a	continue to provide cover under this Policy on the same terms;
b	restrict the cover provided under this Policy;. c impose additional terms;
d alter the premium; e cancel the policy. If the Insured fails to notify the Insurer of any material alteration of the risk, the Insurer may:
a treat the Policy as if it had come to an end as at the date of the alteration of the risk, returning a proportionate amount of the premium for the unexpired Period of Insurance, if the Insurer would have cancelled the Policy had it known of the increase in risk;
 





b	treat the Policy as if it had contained such terms (other than relating to premium) or other restrictions (if any) from the date of the alteration in risk as the Insurer would have applied had it known of the increase in risk;
c	reduce proportionately the amount paid or payable on any claim, the proportion for which the Insurer is liable being calculated by comparing the premium actually charged as a percentage of the premium which the Insurer would have charged had it known of the increase in risk. 

Paragraph 8
17 Conditions Precedent to Liability
If the Insured does not comply with any part of any condition which makes payment of a claim conditional upon compliance with it (a condition precedent), the Insurer will not pay for any claim, except that where the condition concerned:
a operates only in connection with particular premises or locations, the Insurer will pay for claims arising out of an event occurring at other premises or locations which are not specified in the condition;
b operates only at particular times, the Insurer will pay for any claim where the Insured shows on the balance of probabilities that its non-compliance with the condition did not cause or contribute to the injury, loss, damage or liability which occurred;
c would, if complied with, tend to reduce particular types of injury, loss, damage or, as the context may require liability, the Insurer will pay for any claim where the Insured shows on the balance of probabilities that its non-compliance with the condition did not cause or contribute to the injury, loss, damage or liability which occurred. Policy Exclusions




 
Applicable unless stated to the contrary under Exclusions in the Sections
This Policy does not cover
1	Territorial Limits
Loss, destruction, damage, injury or liability arising out of any occurrence outside Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, except where stated to the contrary. 2	War (not applicable to the Employers’ Liability Section)
Loss, destruction, damage, death, injury, disablement or liability or any consequential loss occasioned by war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection or military or usurped power. 3	Radioactive Contamination
Loss or destruction of or damage to any property whatsoever or any loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss or any legal liability of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to or arising from
a	ionising radiations from or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste or from the combustion of nuclear fuel
b	the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous or contaminating properties of any nuclear installation, reactor or other nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof
c	any weapon or other device utilizing radioactive material and/or matter and/or ionising radiation and/or atomic or nuclear fission and/or fusion or other like reaction
d	the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous or contaminating properties of any radioactive matter
Exclusion a and b do not apply to
Section 4 - Employers' Liability other than in respect of i the liability of any principal
ii liability assumed by the Insured under a contract or agreement which would not have attached in the absence of such contract or agreement. Exclusions c and d do not apply to Section 3 - Property Owners Liability Section 4 - Employers' Liability and Section 5 - Personal Accident. 4	Sonic Bangs
Loss, destruction or damage directly occasioned by pressure waves caused by aircraft and other aerial devices travelling at sonic or supersonic speeds. 5	Northern Ireland
Loss, destruction or damage or any consequential loss in Northern Ireland occasioned by or happening through or in consequence directly or indirectly of riot, civil commotion and (except in respect of loss, destruction, damage or any consequential loss by fire or explosion) strikers, locked out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances or malicious persons. 6	Changes in Water Table
Loss, destruction or damage attributable solely to changes in the water table level. 7	E-Risks
a	loss or destruction of or damage to any Computer Equipment (as defined below) consisting of or caused directly or indirectly by:
i	programming or operator error whether by the Insured or any other person
ii	Virus or Similar Mechanism (as defined below) iii Hacking (as defined below)
iv	malicious persons
v	failure of external networks
unless, in respect of i, ii and iii above, such loss or destruction or damage results from a concurrent or subsequent cause not excluded by this or any other policy exclusion
b	any financial loss or expense of whatsoever nature, including but not limited to business interruption, resulting directly or indirectly from the type of loss or destruction or damage described in paragraph a of this Exclusion unless, in respect of a. i, ii or iii above, the financial loss or expense results from a concurrent or subsequent cause not excluded by this or any other policy exclusion
c	loss or destruction of or damage to any property other than Computer Equipment where it arises directly or indirectly out of loss or destruction of or damage to any Computer Equipment of the type described in paragraph a of this Exclusion unless, in respect of loss or damage to other property arising from a i, ii or iii above, resulting from a concurrent or subsequent cause not excluded by this or any other policy exclusion
 




 

d	loss or destruction of or damage either to Computer Equipment or any other property where it consists of or arises directly or indirectly out of:
i	the erasure, loss, distortion, corruption or unauthorised access to or modification of information on computer systems or other records, programs or software by rioters, strikers, locked-out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances or civil commotions, or malicious persons
ii	the erasure, loss, distortion, corruption or unauthorised access to or modification of information on computer systems or other records, programs or software due to any cause not included in d i above
iii	any misinterpretation, use or misuse of information on computer systems or other records, programs or software
unless, in respect of d ii and iii above, such loss, destruction or damage results from a concurrent or subsequent cause not excluded by this or any other policy exclusion
e	any financial loss or expense of whatsoever nature, including but not limited to business interruption, where it arises directly or indirectly from the type of loss or destruction or damage described in paragraphs c and d of this Exclusion unless, in respect of c, d ii and iii above, the financial loss
or expense results from a concurrent or subsequent cause not excluded by this or any other policy exclusion. For the purpose of this Exclusion:
Computer Equipment – means computer equipment, component, system or item which processes, stores, transmits or retrieves data, or any part thereof, whether the property of the Insured or not, whether tangible or intangible and including without limitation any information, programs or software. Virus or Similar Mechanism – means any program code, programming instruction or other set of instructions intentionally constructed with the ability to damage, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect computer programs, data files or operations (whether involving self replication or not), including but not limited to ‘Trojan Horses’, ‘Worms’ or ‘Logic Bombs’. Hacking – means unauthorised access to any computer or computer equipment, component, system or item, whether the property of the Insured or not, which processes, stores, transmits or retrieves data. 8	Terrorism
a	in respect of England, Wales and Scotland but not the territorial seas adjacent thereto as defined in the Territorial Sea Act 1987:
loss or destruction or damage or consequential loss of whatsoever nature, directly or indirectly caused by, resulting from or in connection with
i	any Act of Terrorism, regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to such Act of Terrorism
ii	any action taken in controlling, preventing or suppressing any Act of Terrorism, or in any other way related to such Act of Terrorism
In respect of a above an Act of Terrorism (Terrorism) means:–
Acts of persons acting on behalf of, or in connection with, any organisation which carries out activities directed towards the overthrowing or influencing, by force or violence, of Her Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom or any other government de jure or de facto. b	in respect of territories other than those stated in a above:
loss or destruction or damage or any consequential loss of whatsoever nature, directly or indirectly caused by, resulting from or in connection with
i	any act of Terrorism, regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to such act of Terrorism
ii	any action taken in controlling, preventing or suppressing any act of Terrorism, or in any way related to such act of Terrorism
In respect of b above an act of Terrorism (Terrorism) means:–
An act, including but not limited to the use of force or violence and/or the threat thereof, of any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organisation(s) or government(s), committed for political, religious, ideological or similar purposes including the intention to influence any government and/or put the public or any section of the public in fear
In any action suit or other proceedings where the Insurer alleges that by reason of this exclusion any loss or destruction or damage or any consequential loss is not covered (or is covered only up to a specified limit of liability), the burden of proving to the contrary shall be upon the Insured. In the event any part of this exclusion is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder shall remain in force and effect. 

Paragraph 18
Particulars or details contained in the Insured’s books of account or other business books or documents, which may be required by the Insurer for the purpose of investigating or verifying any claim under this Section, may be produced by professional accountants if at the time they are regularly acting for the Insured. Their report shall be prima facie evidence of the particulars and details to which such report relates. The Insurer will not pay for any claim unless the terms of this condition have been complied with, and any payment on account already made shall be repaid to the Insurer. Section 3 – Property Owners Liability




 
Definitions
1	Asbestos
Asbestos or fibres or particles of asbestos or any material containing asbestos. 2	Business
The Business specified in the Schedule conducted solely from Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands and including
a	the ownership, maintenance and repair of premises used in connection therewith
b	the provision and management of canteen, social, sports or welfare organisations for the benefit of Employees and the ambulance, first aid, fire, medical and security services of the Insured
c	the execution of private duties by Employees for any partner, director or senior official of the Insured. 3	Employee
a	any person under a contract of service or apprenticeship with the Insured
b	any of the following persons whilst working for the Insured in connection with the Business
i	any labour master or labour only subcontractor or person supplied by him
ii	any self-employed person providing labour only iii any trainee or person undergoing work
experience
iv	any voluntary helper
v	any person who is borrowed by or hired to the Insured. 4	Injury
a	bodily injury, death, disease, illness, mental injury or nervous shock
b	invasion of the right of privacy, false arrest, false imprisonment, false eviction or malicious prosecution of any person. 5	Offshore Installations
a Any installation in the sea or tidal waters which is intended for underwater exploitation of mineral resources or exploration with a view to such exploitation
 
b	any installation in the sea or tidal waters which is intended for the storage or recovery of gas
c	any pipe or system of pipes in the sea or tidal waters d any installation which is intended to provide
accommodation for persons who work on or
from the locations specified in Offshore Installations a, b or c above. 6	Pollution or Contamination
a	all pollution or contamination of buildings or other structures or of water or land or the atmosphere; and
b	all Injury or Damage directly or indirectly caused by such pollution or contamination. All Pollution or Contamination, which arises out of or in connection with one incident, shall be deemed to have occurred at the time such incident takes place. 7	Products
Any goods or other property (including their containers, packaging, labelling and instructions for use) sold, supplied, delivered, installed, erected, repaired, altered, treated or tested by the Insured in connection with the Business and not in the charge or control of the Insured. 8	Territorial Limits
a	Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands
b	any other member country of the European Union c elsewhere in the world in respect of Injury or
Damage caused by or arising from
i	non-manual activities of any partner, director or Employee of the Insured normally resident within the territories specified in Territorial Limits a above and occurring during any journey or temporary visit
ii	Products. Cover
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured against legal liability to pay compensation and claimants’ costs and expenses in respect of accidental
a	Injury to any person
b	Damage to material property
c	nuisance, trespass, obstruction or interference with any right of way, light, air or water
occurring within the Territorial Limits during the Period of Insurance in connection with the Business. Costs and Expenses
The Insurer will also pay costs and expenses incurred by the Insurer or with the written consent of the Insurer
a in connection with the defence of any claim b for representation of the Insured
i	at any coroner’s inquest or fatal accident inquiry in respect of death
ii	at proceedings in any court of summary jurisdiction or on indictment in any higher court in respect of any alleged breach of statutory duty resulting in Injury or loss or damage
which may be the subject of indemnity under this Section. Limit of Indemnity
a The Insurer’s liability for all compensation payable in respect of
i	any one occurrence or all occurrences of a series consequent on or attributable to one source or original cause
ii	all Injury, loss or damage sustained by all claimants occurring during any one Period of Insurance and caused by and arising from Products
iii	all Pollution or Contamination which is deemed to have occurred during any one Period of Insurance
shall not exceed the Limit of Indemnity. 

Paragraph 19
b In respect of all claims against the lnsured made within the legal jurisdiction of the United States of America or Canada or any dependency or trust territory the Limit of lndemnity shall be inclusive of the amount of all
i	claimants' costs and expenses
ii	costs and expenses incurred by the lnsurer or with the written consent of the lnsurer in connection with the defence of such claims. Provided that
a	in respect of an Act of Terrorism the Limit of Indemnity shall not exceed £5,000,000. If the Insurer alleges that by reason of this limitation any loss damage cost or expense is not covered the burden of proving the contrary shall be upon the Insured. b	in respect of the indemnity provided under this Section for Extension 12 – Manslaughter Defence Costs
i	the liability of the Insurer shall not exceed
£5,000,000 or the Limit of Indemnity (whichever is lesser) in any one Period of Insurance
ii	all amounts payable will form part of and not be in addition to the Limit of Indemnity
iii	where the Insurer has already indemnified the Insured in respect of legal costs or expenses incurred in connection with the defence of criminal proceedings (including appeals against conviction arising from such proceedings) arising out of the same cause or occurrence which gave rise to said proceedings under another Section of the Policy the amount paid under that Section shall contribute to the maximum amount payable under this Section. Extensions (Subject to the terms, limits, conditions and exclusions of this Section and the Policy)
1 Indemnity to Other Parties
At the request of the Insured the Insurer will indemnify the following parties
a any officer or committee member or other member of the Insured’s canteen, social, sports or welfare organisations or ambulance, first aid, fire, medical or security services against liability incurred in
such capacity
 




 

b	any partner, director or Employee of the Insured against liability incurred in such capacity and in respect of which the Insured would have been entitled to indemnity under this Section if the claim had been made against the Insured
as though each party were individually named as the Insured in this Section
c	any principal for whom the Insured have agreed to execute work under contract or agreement against liability arising out of the performance of such work by the Insured and in respect of which the Insured are legally liable and would have been entitled to indemnity under this Section if the claim had been made against the Insured. Provided that
i	each such party shall observe, fulfil and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Section in so far as they can apply
ii	the Insurer’s liability to the Insured and all parties indemnified shall not exceed in total the Limit of Indemnity specified in the Schedule. 2	Joint Insured – Cross Liabilities
If more than one party is named as the Insured this Section shall apply as though each were insured separately provided that the Insurer’s liability to all parties indemnified shall not exceed in total the Limit of Indemnity shown in the Schedule. 3	Overseas Personal Liability
The Business is extended to include personal activities (not connected with any gainful occupation or profession nor with the ownership or tenure of any land or building) of any partner, director or Employee of the Insured or family member of such partner, director or Employee normally resident within the territories specified in Territorial Limits a in the course of any journey or temporary visit to any other country made in connection with the Business. 4	Motor Contingent Liability
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured in the terms of this Section against liability arising out of the use in connection with the Business of any vehicle not owned, provided or being driven by the Insured but this Section does not cover liability
a	in respect of damage to such vehicle
b	arising out of any such use in any country outside the European Union
c	incurred by any party other than the Insured
d	incurred by any party identified in Extension 1 – Indemnity to Other Parties other than an Employee. For the purpose of this cover Exclusion 1 – Injury to Employees does not apply. 5	Health and Safety at Work – Legal Defence Costs The Insurer will indemnify the Insured and if the
Insured so request any partner, director or Employee of the Insured in the terms of this Section in respect of
a	costs and expenses incurred with the Insurer’s written consent
b	costs and expenses of the prosecution awarded against any such party
in connection with criminal proceedings or an appeal against conviction arising from such proceedings brought in respect of any offence under the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978 committed or alleged to have been committed during the Period of Insurance in connection with the Business. Provided that
i	the proceedings relate to the health, safety or welfare of any person other than an Employee
ii	the Insurer shall have the conduct and control of all the said proceedings and appeals. The Insurer will not pay for
a	fines or penalties of any kind
b	proceedings or appeals in respect of any deliberate or intentional criminal act or omission
c	costs or expenses insured by any other insurance. 6	Data Protection
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured and at the Insured’s request any partner, director or Employee of the Insured against the sums which the Insured or any director, partner or Employee of the Insured become(s) legally liable to pay as compensation, under Section(s) 22 and/or 23 of the Data Protection Act 1984 as amended by the Data Protection Act 1998, for damage or distress caused in connection with the Business during the Period of Insurance provided that the Insured is
i	a registered user in accordance with the terms of the Act
ii	not in business as a computer bureau. 

Paragraph 22
12	Manual Work
Liability arising from or as a consequence of any manual work carried out away from any premises belonging, leased, rented or hired to the Insured other than delivery or collection. 13	Slings and Cradles
Liability for Injury, loss or damage arising out of the operation of a sling and/or cradle. 14	Computer Date Recognition
Liability arising directly or indirectly from the failure of any computer or other equipment or system for processing, storing or retrieving data, whether the property of the Insured or not, and whether occurring before, during or after the year 2000, to achieve any or all of the purposes and consequential effects intended by the use of any number to denote a date including the failure
a	correctly to recognise any date as its true calendar date
b	to recognise, capture, save, retain, restore and/or correctly to manipulate, interpret, calculate or process any data or information or command or instruction as a result of treating any date otherwise than its true calendar date
c	to recognise, capture, save, retain, restore and/or correctly to manipulate, interpret, calculate or process any data or information as a result of the operation of any command which has been programmed into any computer software or firmware, being a command which causes the loss of data or the inability to recognise, capture, save, retain, restore, correctly to manipulate, interpret, calculate or process any data on or after any date. 15	Excess
The amount any third party property damage excess specified in the Schedule. 16	Asbestos
a	Liability in any way caused by, arising from or contributed to by
i	exposure to or inhalation of Asbestos
ii	fear of the consequences of exposure to or inhalation of Asbestos
b	Liability for the costs of management (including those of any persons under any statutory duty to manage), removal, repair, alteration, recall, replacement or reinstatement of any property arising out of the presence of Asbestos. Section Conditions
The Policy Conditions 1–12, 14–17 inclusive apply to this Section and in addition the following:

1	Bona fide Subcontractors
In respect of work commencing within the Period of Insurance, it is a condition precedent to any liability of the Insurer in respect of Injury, loss, destruction or damage arising out of or caused by work undertaken on behalf of the Insured by bona fide subcontractors, that the Insured obtain and retain a written record that such subcontractors have in force throughout the duration of any work undertaken by them for the Insured insurance as follows:
a	Employers' Liability insurance in accordance with any law relating to compulsory insurance of liability to employees
b	Public Liability insurance covering legal liability
for injury to any person other than liability described in a above and loss, destruction or damage to property with a Limit of Indemnity
not less than £2,000,000. This condition does not apply where bona fide subcontractors are engaged to carry out work on behalf of the Insured in an emergency and there is insufficient time to obtain written evidence of insurance provided that the Insured shall obtain verbal confirmation from such subcontractors that insurance as described in a and b above is in force and confirm such conversation in writing and retain a copy as a written record. 2	Other Insurances
The Insurer will not indemnify the Insured in respect of liability which is insured by or would but for the existence of this Section be insured by any other policy or section except in respect of any excess beyond the amount payable under such other policy or section or which would have been payable under such other policy or section had this Section not been effected. Section 4 – Employers’ Liability




 
Definitions

1	Business
The Business specified in the Schedule conducted solely from Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands and including
a	the ownership, maintenance and repair of premises used in connection therewith
b	the provision and management of canteen, social, sports or welfare organisations for the benefit of Employees and the ambulance, first aid, fire, medical and security services of the Insured
c	the execution of private duties by Employees for any partner, director or senior official of the Insured. 2	Employee
a	Any person under a contract of service or apprenticeship with the Insured
b	any of the following persons whilst working for the Insured in connection with the Business
i	any labour master or labour only subcontractor or person supplied by him
ii	any self-employed person providing labour only iii any trainee or person undergoing work
experience
iv	any voluntary helper
v	any person who is borrowed by or hired to the Insured. 3	Injury
Bodily injury, death, disease, illness, mental injury or nervous shock. 4	Offshore Installations
a	Any installation in the sea or tidal waters which
is intended for underwater exploitation of mineral resources or exploration with a view to such exploitation
b	any installation in the sea or tidal waters which is intended for the storage or recovery of gas
c	any pipe or system of pipes in the sea or tidal waters d any installation which is intended to provide
accommodation for persons who work on or
from the locations specified in Definition Offshore Installations a, b or c above. 5	Territorial Limits
a	Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands
b	elsewhere in the world in respect of Injury sustained by any Employee resident within the territories specified in Definition Territorial Limits a above and caused whilst such Employee is temporarily employed outside these territories provided that any action for compensation in respect of such Injury is brought in a court of law within the said territories or any other member country of the European Union. Cover
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured against legal liability to pay compensation and claimants’ costs and expenses in respect of Injury sustained by any Employee arising out of and in the course of the employment or engagement of such person by the Insured in connection with the Business and caused within the Territorial Limits during the Period of Insurance. Cost and Expenses
The Insurer will also pay costs and expenses incurred by the Insurer or with the written consent of the Insurer
a in connection with the defence of any claim b for representation of the Insured
i	at any coroner’s inquest or fatal accident inquiry in respect of death
ii	at proceedings in any court of summary jurisdiction or on indictment in any higher court in respect
of any alleged breach of statutory duty resulting in Injury
which may be the subject of indemnity under this Section. 

Paragraph 23
Limit of Indemnity
The Insurer’s Limit of Indemnity for all compensation, costs and expenses payable in respect of any one claim or series of claims arising out of one occurrence shall not exceed the Limit of Indemnity. Provided that
a in respect of an Act of Terrorism the Limit of Indemnity shall not exceed £5,000,000. If the Insurer alleges that by reason of this limitation any loss damage cost or expense is not covered the burden of proving the contrary shall be upon the Insured. b in respect of the indemnity provided under this Section for Extension 5 - Manslaughter Defence Costs
i	the liability of the Insurer shall not exceed
£5,000,000 in any one Period of Insurance
ii	all amounts payable will form part of and not be in addition to the Limit of Indemnity
iii	where the Insurer has already indemnified the Insured in respect of legal costs or expenses
incurred in connection with the defence of any criminal proceedings (including appeals against conviction arising from such proceedings) arising out of the same occurrence which gave rise to said proceedings under another Section of the Policy the amount paid under that Section shall contribute to the maximum amount payable under this Section. Extensions (Subject to the terms, limits, conditions and exclusions of this Section and the Policy)
1 Indemnity to Other Parties
If the Insured so request the Insurer will indemnify the following parties
a	any officer or committee member or other member of the Insured’s canteen, social, sports or welfare organisations or ambulance, first aid, fire, medical or security services against liability incurred in
such capacity
b	any partner, director or Employee of the Insured against liability incurred in such capacity and in respect of which the Insured would have been entitled to indemnity under this Section if the claim had been made against the Insured
as though each party was individually named as the Insured in this Section
c	any principal for whom the Insured have agreed to execute work under contract or agreement against liability arising out of the performance of such work by the Insured and in respect of which the Insured are legally liable and would have been entitled to indemnity under this Section if the claim had been made against the Insured. Provided that
i	each such party shall observe fulfil and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Section in so far as they can apply
ii	the Insurer’s liability to the Insured and all parties indemnified shall not exceed in total the Limit of Indemnity specified in the Schedule. 2	Health and Safety at Work – Legal Defence Costs The Insurer will indemnify the Insured and if the
Insured so request any partner, director or Employee of the Insured in the terms of this Section in respect of
a	costs and expenses incurred with the Insurer’s written consent
b	costs and expenses of the prosecution awarded against any such party
in connection with criminal proceedings or an appeal against conviction arising from such proceedings brought in respect of any offence under the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978 committed or alleged to have been committed during the Period of Insurance in connection with the Business. Provided that
i	the proceedings relate to the health, safety or welfare of any Employee
ii	the Insurer shall have the conduct and control of all the said proceedings and appeals
The Insurer will not pay for
a	fines or penalties of any kind
b	proceedings or appeals in respect of any deliberate act or omission
c	costs or expenses insured by any other insurance. 3	Unsatisfied Court Judgements
If a judgement for compensation or costs in respect of Injury sustained by any Employee arising out of and in the course of employment or engagement by the Insured in connection with the Business and caused within the Territorial Limits during the Period of Insurance
 




 

a	is obtained by such Employee in any court situate within the territories specified in Definition Territorial Limits a against any person or corporate body domiciled or operating from premises within such territories and
b	remains wholly or partly unsatisfied 6 months after the date of such judgement
the Insurer will if the Insured so request pay to the said Employee the amount of any such compensation and costs to the extent that they remain unsatisfied Provided that
i	there is no appeal outstanding
ii	the Employee shall have assigned the judgement to the Insurer
iii	this Section was shown as Insured as issued in the Schedule at the time of the Injury. 4	Court Attendance Compensation
If during the Period of Insurance any partner, director or Employee of the Insured is required to attend court as a witness at the request of the Insurer in connection with a claim which is the subject of indemnity under this Section the Insurer will pay compensation to the Insured on the following scale for each day that attendance is required:
i	any director or partner	£750
ii	any Employee	£250

5	Manslaughter Defence Costs
The Insurer will indemnify the Insured in respect of
a	legal costs and expenses incurred with the prior written consent of the Insurer and
b	costs of the prosecution awarded against the Insured in connection with the defence of any criminal proceedings (including any appeal against conviction arising from such proceedings) brought under The Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007 or any equivalent legislation in the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man in respect of any fatal injury sustained and caused during the Period of Insurance in the course of the Business and which may be subject to indemnity under this Section
 

Provided that the Insurer agrees details of the specific solicitor or counsel who are to act on behalf of the Insured prior to their appointment. The Insurer will not pay for
i	any fines or penalties imposed on the Insured or the cost of implementing any remedial order or publicity order
ii	legal costs and expenses in connection with an appeal unless a solicitor or counsel advise that there are strong prospects of succeeding in the appeal or recovering costs awarded against the Insured at all times throughout the appeals process. Any change to such prospect of success during the appeals process may result in cover being removed. iii	costs and expenses provided by another source or any other insurance or where but for the existence of this Extension would have been provided by such source or insurance
iv	costs and expenses in connection with the defence of any criminal proceedings brought in any country other than the United Kingdom
v	costs and expenses in connection with the defence of any criminal proceedings resulting from any deliberate or intentional criminal act or omission by the Insured or any partner or director of the Insured or any Employee. Section Conditions
The Policy Conditions 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16 and 17 apply to this Section and in addition the following:

1	Compulsory Insurance Legislation
The indemnity granted by this Section is deemed to be in accordance with the provisions of any law relating to compulsory insurance of liability to Employees in the territories specified in Definition Territorial Limits a but the Insured shall repay to the Insurer all sums paid by the Insurer which the Insurer would not have been liable to pay but for the provisions of such law. 

Paragraph 25
The said Member shall submit to any medical examination made on the Insurer’s behalf and in the event of death of the Member, the Insurer shall be entitled to make a post-mortem examination at the Insurer’s own expense. 2	Misrepresentation of Facts Relevant to an Insured Person
If the Insured fails to comply with Policy Condition 1 (Fair Presentation of the Risk), the Insurer will not invoke any of the remedies available to it under that Condition as against the Insured, if the failure concerns only facts or information which relate to a particular Insured Person or Insured Persons. In that case, provided that the Insured Person concerned or the Insured on their behalf made a careless misrepresentation of facts, the Insurer may invoke the remedies available to it under Policy Condition 1 as against that Insured Person only, as if a separate insurance contract had been issued to such person, leaving the remainder of the Policy unaffected. 3	If a claim or series of claims under this Section arising out of or consequent upon (or contributed to directly or indirectly by) any one originating event exceeds
£750,000 the amount of benefit paid will be proportionately reduced to an amount that does not exceed £750,000. 4	Fraudulent Claims
If any fraud to which Policy Condition 6 relates is perpetrated by or on behalf of an Insured Person (and not on behalf of the Insured), Policy Condition 6 should be read as if it applies only to that Insured Person's claim and references to the Policy should be read as if they were references to the cover effected for that person alone and not to the Policy as a whole. Section 6 – Commercial Legal Expenses




 
The cover provided under this Section is a “claims made” indemnity and only covers Claims that the Insured Person first becomes aware of and notifies to the Insurer during the Period of Insurance. Definitions
In addition to the Policy Definitions the following also apply to this Section:

Acts of Parliament
All Acts of Parliament referred to in this Section will include a reference to all Orders and Regulations made under them and to any subsequent amendments, re-enactments, equivalent legislation, Regulations or Codes of Practice, enforceable within the Geographical Limits. Adjudication
Adjudication whether arising under the Housing Grant Construction and Regeneration Act 1996 or the Scheme or an adjudication arising out of any term in a Contract. Any One Claim
All Claims including any appeal against a judgment or decision arising out of the same original cause, event or circumstance without the intervention of any other cause starting from a new and independent source will be regarded as one Claim. Awards of Compensation
Basic Awards and Compensatory Awards made against the Insured by an Employment Tribunal, Employment Appeal Tribunal or Superior Court, or settlements agreed as a result of negotiation, conciliation or arbitration proceedings and to which the Insurer’s previous Consent has been given, other than:
a	any awards of compensation against the Insured for a redundancy payment or monies due under a contract of employment or
b	any award arising from a failure by the Insured to provide written reasons for dismissal or
c	any award or pay specified in a reinstatement or re- engagement order or
d	any financial benefit or compensation payable under any share option scheme or pension scheme. Basic Awards
Basic Awards are as determined in accordance with section 119 of the Employment Rights Act 1996. For the avoidance of doubt Basic Awards do not include Additional Awards, Protective Awards, Aggravated Damages or Interim Relief. Claim
Cover Event 1a Employment Disputes and 1b Awards of Compensation
An application to an Employment Tribunal brought by or on behalf of any Employee against the Insured for monetary damages or other relief, including a request for reinstatement or re-engagement. The circumstances that give rise to a Claim will begin immediately the Insured first receives an Employee’s Claim Form (ETI) from an Employment Tribunal. Cover Event 1c Employment Service Occupancy
A civil proceeding brought by the Insured for the pursuit of vacant possession of Premises belonging to the Insured and occupied by a previous Employee of the Insured. 

Paragraph 28
A Contract does not include any actual or alleged contract with an Employee or any contract of service entered into between the Insured and any sub- contractor or with anyone who is self-employed. Data Protection Compensation Awards
Compensation awarded under the terms of section 13 of the Data Protection Act 1998 against the Insured for the holding, loss or unauthorised disclosure of data. Debt Recovery Service
The debt collection service nominated by the Insurer which is provided as an Additional Service to the Insured for the recovery of Undisputed Debts. Employee
Any person under a permanent full or permanent part time contract of service or apprenticeship with the Insured. Excess
The amount specified in the Exclusions that the Insured Person must first pay in respect of Any One Claim under this Section before the Insurer then becomes liable to make payment under that Claim. Geographical Limits – (Events 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11 & 12)
Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man. Geographical Limits – (Event 10 only)
Any member country of the European Union and Croatia, Iceland, Norway and Switzerland. HMRC
HM Revenue & Customs. HMRC Investigation
a Business Self Assessment Aspect Enquiry
An enquiry following the issue of a formal written notice by HMRC under Paragraph 24(1) Schedule 18 Finance Act 1998 or S9A or S12AC of the Taxes Management Act 1970 in order to make an enquiry into one or more specific aspects of the Insured’s business self assessment return or
 

b	Business Self Assessment Full Enquiry
An enquiry following the issue of a formal written notice by HMRC under Paragraph 24(1) Schedule 18 Finance Act 1998 or under S9A or S12AC of the Taxes Management Act 1970 to examine the whole of the Insured’s business self assessment return or
c	Employer Compliance Dispute
A dispute which takes place following a formal written expression of dissatisfaction with the Insured’s PAYE, National Insurance Contributions or Construction Industry Scheme affairs following an employer compliance check by HMRC or following a formal written expression of dissatisfaction with the Insured’s P11Ds or P9Ds or
d	VAT Dispute
A dispute which takes place following:
i	a VAT compliance check where a written decision, assessment or statement of alleged arrears is received from HMRC in respect of the Insured’s Value Added Tax Return or
ii	the receipt by the Insured of a formal written notice of VAT default surcharge. Insured Person
The Insured and, at the request of the Insured with the agreement of the Insurer, the Insured’s proprietors, partners and directors and also all Employees acting in the normal course of their employment. Insurer
Allianz Legal Protection a trading name of Allianz Insurance plc. Jury Service Allowance
The payment of up to £100 per day to the Insured in respect of an Insured Person who is absent from work as a result of their attendance for jury service within the Geographical Limits, but only in so far as this is not otherwise recoverable from the relevant court and payment of such sum has been made by the Insured to the Insured Person under any contract of employment. The amount that the Insurer will pay is based on:
a	the time the Insured Person is off work including the time it takes to travel to and from the court. This will be calculated to the nearest half day assuming that a whole day is eight hours
b	if the Insured Person works full time, the salary or wages for each day equals 1/250th of the Insured Person’s annual salary or wages
c	if the Insured Person works part time, the salary or wages will be a proportion of the Insured Person’s weekly salary or wages. Lawphone Legal Helpline
A telephone advisory service provided by the Insurer:
a	to advise the Insured on Business related legal matters and
b	for the Insured to report all Claims under this Section to the Insurer. 

Paragraph 29
Legal Expenses Fees and Expenses
a	any unrecovered professional fees, expenses or other disbursements reasonably and properly incurred by the Legal Representative on the Standard Basis and up to the Guideline Hourly Rates issued by the Senior Courts Costs Office, as may be agreed and confirmed by the written consent of the Insurer in respect of any Claim, including costs and expenses of expert witnesses and those incurred by the Insurer in connection with such Claim
b	any costs incurred by other parties, insofar as the Insured Person is held liable in a civil court or tribunal to pay such costs or under a settlement made with another party with the Insurer’s consent, but excluding any costs which the Insured Person may be ordered to pay by a court of criminal jurisdiction
c	any unrecovered professional fees, expenses or other disbursements reasonably and properly incurred by the Legal Representative on the Standard Basis and up to the Guideline Hourly Rates issued by the Senior Courts Costs Office, as may be agreed and confirmed by the written consent of the Insurer in an appeal, or in resisting an appeal, against the judgment of a relevant court or tribunal
d	any unrecovered professional fees, expenses or other disbursements reasonably and properly incurred by the Legal Representative on the Standard Basis and up to the Guideline Hourly Rates issued by the Senior Courts Costs Office, or in such amounts, as may be agreed and confirmed by the written consent of the Insurer where it is necessary for an accountant to represent the Insured in connection with any Claim relating to an HMRC Investigation or subsequent appeal, but excluding any tax or interest and penalties demanded, assessed or requested by HMRC. Legal Representative
A solicitor, barrister, accountant or any other appropriately qualified person appointed in the name of and on behalf of the Insured Person with the agreement of the Insurer to act for the Insured Person in accordance with the terms of this Section. Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome
a	In civil proceedings Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome only exist if the Legal Representative advises that the Insured Person is more likely than not to succeed, assuming the case was determined at trial or other final hearing at first instance and the likely damages claimed and recovered by or against the Insured Person will exceed the Insured Person’s own likely Legal Expenses
b	In criminal proceedings Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome only exist if:
i	the Insured Person is more likely than not to succeed in defending the prosecution assuming the case was determined at trial or other final hearing at first instance or
ii	the Insured Person is more likely than not to succeed in a significant mitigation of their sentence or fine where the Insured Person intends to plead guilty to the offence, or is advised to do so by the Legal Representative
c	In an Employer Compliance Dispute or VAT Dispute and in all appeals following an HMRC Investigation Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome only exist if the Insured is more likely than not to succeed in reversing the decision made or reducing the liabilities alleged by HMRC. Small Claims Court
a	A court in England & Wales that hears a Claim falling under the small claims track in the County Court as defined by Section 26.6 (1) of the Civil Procedure Rules 1999 or
b	A Sheriff Court in Scotland that hears a small claim or c A Small Claims Court in Northern Ireland or
d Any equivalent Court that hears a small claim under Event 12 elsewhere within the Geographical Limits. Small Claims Limit
The maximum value of a Claim that can be heard in the Small Claims Court as shown in the Policy Schedule. Standard Basis
The assessment of Legal Expenses which are proportionate to the Insured Person’s Claim. Statutory Licence
A licence or certificate of registration issued under statute, statutory instrument or by a Government or local authority to the Insured Person and which is required to enable the Insured Person to carry on the normal activities of the Business. Tax Avoidance Scheme
Any matter which is notifiable to HMRC under the regulations for Disclosure of Tax Avoidance Schemes (DOTAS). Undisputed Debt
Money and interest that has not been paid to the Insured under the terms of a Contract, in respect of which the other party to that Contract would not, in the opinion of the Debt Recovery Service or the Insurer, have a realistic chance of succeeding in the defence of any legal action taken in respect of the amount due. Witness Attendance Allowance
The payment of up to £100 per day to the Insured in respect of the Insured Person who is absent from work
as a result of their attending as a witness for the Insured at a hearing, court, tribunal or arbitration within the Geographical Limits at the request of the Legal Representative with the Insurer’s written consent of, but only in so far as this is not otherwise recoverable from
the relevant hearing, court, tribunal or arbitration. The amount that the Insurer will pay is based on:
a	the time the Insured Person is off work including the time it takes to travel to and from the hearing, court, tribunal or arbitration. This will be calculated to the nearest half day assuming that a whole day is eight hours. b	if the Insured Person works full time, the salary or wages for each day equals 1/250th of the Insured Person’s annual salary or wages
c	if the Insured Person works part time, the salary or wages will be a proportion of the Insured Person’s weekly salary or wages. Limit of Indemnity
The maximum amount the Insurer is liable to pay under this Section is:
1	£100,000 Any One Claim other than a Claim relating to a Business Self Assessment Aspect Enquiry under Event 2 Taxation Proceedings, Event 11 Jury Service Allowance, Event 12 Contract Disputes – Below Small Claims Limit and Witness Attendance Allowance
2	£2,000 Any One Claim relating to a Business Self Assessment Aspect Enquiry under Event 2 Taxation Proceedings
3	£5,000 Any One Claim relating to Event 11 Jury Service Allowance
4	£50,000 Any One Claim relating to Event 12 Contract Disputes – Below Small Claims Limit
 

5	£5,000 Any One Claim relating to Witness Attendance Allowance
6	£1,000,000 for all Claims first notified to the Insurer during the Period of Insurance
(collectively “the Limit of Indemnity”)
The above amounts are all inclusive of Legal Expenses. Cover
The Insurer agrees to pay up to the Limit of Indemnity and on behalf of the Insured Person, Legal Expenses, Awards of Compensation, Data Protection Compensation Awards, Jury Service Allowance and Witness Attendance Allowance incurred by the Insured Person in the pursuit or defence of any Claim brought within the Geographical Limits, which is first notified to the Insurer during the Period of Insurance and which falls within the cover provided by Events 1 to 12 described below. 

Paragraph 30
Events (as shown in the Policy Schedule)
1	Employment Disputes and Awards of Compensation
The Insured has cover for:
a Employment Disputes
the defence of the legal rights of the Insured in a dispute in an Employment Tribunal with a previous, present or prospective Employee and which arises out of or relates to a contract of employment or a breach of employment
or discrimination legislation b Awards of Compensation
c Employment Service Occupancy
the pursuit of a previous Employee to recover possession of Premises belonging to the Insured and occupied for residential purposes by that previous Employee provided that:
i	the occupation of the Property by the previous Employee was conditional on their employment by the Insured and was specifically included as part of the remuneration within that previous Employee’s contract of employment and
ii	the previous Employee’s contract of employment has terminated and any notice period has been completed (whether notice of resignation or notice of dismissal and including where the Employee was placed on leave by the Insured for
 


 
the whole, or part, of that notice period) and
iii	the date of termination of the previous Employee’s contract of employment was not before the date this Section started
d  Breach of Restrictive Covenant
the pursuit of an injunction against a previous Employee following a breach of an express restrictive covenant in that Employee’s contract of employment with the Insured, where the previous Employee has:
i	solicited other Employees of the Insured or
ii	solicited customers of the Insured, resulting in proven financial loss to the Insured
Provided that for all Claims made under Event 1:
a	the Insured has issued all necessary documentation to an Employee as required by legislation
b	the Insured has consulted with and then followed with due diligence the advice and procedures provided by the Lawphone Legal Helpline before making any significant variation to an Employee’s contract or taking any action which might lead to the giving of a formal warning to, or the dismissal of, an Employee
c	the Insured has consulted with the Lawphone Legal Helpline immediately the Insured knew, or ought reasonably to have known, of any cause, event or circumstance which has given or may give rise to a Claim involving the Insured
In respect of all parts of Event 1 – Employment Disputes and Awards of Compensation there is no cover for:
a	any Claim arising as a result of the Insured’s failure to consult with and then follow with due diligence the advice and procedures provided by the Lawphone Legal Helpline before making any significant variation to an Employee’s contract or taking any action which leads to the giving of a formal warning to, or the dismissal of, an Employee
b	any dispute with an Employee who was subject to either a written or verbal warning (formal or informal) in the six (6) months immediately preceding the first Period of Insurance
c	any dispute which necessitates the establishment of a transfer of employment under the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006 or the Acquired Rights Directive or a breach, or alleged breach, of either
d	any dispute arising out of any contract of service entered into between the Insured and any sub- contractor or with anyone who is self-employed
 
e	any dispute based upon, arising from or in consequence of any industrial dispute, industrial or labour arbitration or collective bargaining agreements
f	any costs or expenses incurred by the Insured arising out of an internal disciplinary hearing or grievance relating to an Employee
In respect of Event 1c – Employment Service Occupancy there is no cover for the defence of the Insured’s legal rights, other than to defend a counter- claim. In respect of Event 1d – Breach of Restrictive Covenant there is no cover for any dispute with any individual who before the inception of this Section either ceased to be an Employee, or was working during their notice period (whether notice of resignation or notice of dismissal and including where the Employee was placed on leave by the Insured for the whole, or part, of that notice period). 2	Taxation Proceedings
The Insured has cover for representation of the Insured in an HMRC Investigation, and in any appeal proceedings arising from that HMRC Investigation. Provided that:
a	the HMRC Investigation arises out of the Business and
b	the Insured has kept accurate business records in accordance with any relevant tax requirements and
c	all relevant tax returns have been filed on time and d Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome
exist in respect of an Employer Compliance Dispute,
VAT Dispute and in all appeals following an HMRC investigation
In respect of Event 2 – Taxation Proceedings there is no cover for:
a	an Excess of £200 in respect of a Business Self Assessment Aspect Enquiry
b	the preparation of accounts or self assessment returns
c	an HMRC Investigation which arises out of:
i	deliberate or reckless or careless misstatements by the Insured in returns or submissions made to the relevant authorities
ii	failure by the Insured to make accurate, truthful and up to date submissions or returns or
iii	failure by the Insured to observe statutory time limits or requirements
 




 

d	an HMRC Investigation which arises solely from an investigation of earlier accounts or records
e	an enquiry under Public Notice 160 or Section 60 of the VAT Act 1994
f	any matter conducted by HMRC Specialist Investigations or conducted under the HMRC Civil Investigation of Fraud or Criminal Investigations procedures
g	the defence of any criminal prosecution
h	any matter arising from the failure of the Insured to register for PAYE, VAT, or the Construction Industry Scheme or to notify chargeability in relation to any tax within the relevant time limits
i	any matter relating to a Tax Avoidance Scheme j	any matter relating to IR35 legislation
k an HMRC Investigation arising from the payment of the National Minimum Wage. 3	Criminal Prosecution Defence
The Insured Person has cover for the defence of a criminal prosecution. Provided that the criminal prosecution arises out of the Business. In respect of Event 3 – Criminal Prosecution Defence there is no cover for:
a	criminal proceedings being brought against the Insured Person for:
i	fraud, theft, money laundering or other dishonesty
ii	offences against another person, including offences of a sexual nature
iii	the manufacture, distribution or use of alcohol, drugs, indecent or obscene materials
iv	owning, possessing, hiring or using aircraft, watercraft, motor vehicles, trailers or caravans
v	any investigation by HMRC vi pollution
b	any costs awarded against the Insured Person by a court of criminal jurisdiction. 4	Damage to Premises
The Insured has cover for the pursuit of the legal rights of the Insured in a dispute relating to physical damage to the Insured’s Premises caused by another person or organisation resulting in proven financial loss to the Insured. Provided that the Premises are used solely for the Insured’s Business. In respect of Event 4 – Damage to Premises there is no cover for:
a	any dispute arising from the actual or alleged performance of, or failure to perform, in whole or in part, an actual or alleged Contract between the Insured and a third party
b	any dispute relating to mining or other subsidence or heave
c	any dispute relating to planning or building regulations or decisions
d	any dispute relating to the renewal of a lease or Commercial Tenancy Agreement
e	any dispute over the freehold or leasehold or commonhold or title of the Premises
f	Adjudication
g	any dispute with Government or local authority departments concerning the imposition of rates or other local taxes
h	any dispute relating to the ownership, possession, hiring or use of aircraft, watercraft, motor vehicles, trailers or caravans
i	the defence of the Insured’s legal rights other than in defending a counter-claim by the other party to the dispute. 5	Data Protection
The Insured has cover for:
a	the defence of the legal rights of the Insured in a civil dispute arising out of the Data Protection Act 1998
b	an appeal by the Insured against a refusal of an application for registration or alteration of registered particulars
c	an appeal by the Insured against any Enforcement,
Deregistration or Transfer Prohibition Notice d Data Protection Compensation Awards. In respect of Event 5 – Data Protection there is no cover for any dispute or legal proceeding:
a	which relates to the prosecution of the Insured
b	which arises from a failure to register as a Data Controller
c	which arises from a failure to comply with any legislative requirement concerning the processing of Sensitive
 


 
Personal Data. 6	Commercial Tenancy Agreement
The Insured has cover for the pursuit of the Insured’s legal rights in a dispute relating to the Insured’s Commercial Tenancy Agreement. In respect of Event 6 – Commercial Tenancy Agreement there is no cover for:
a	any dispute relating to rent or service charges, tax, planning or building regulations or decisions
b	any dispute relating to the renewal of a lease or Commercial Tenancy Agreement
c	any dispute arising from an agreement the Insured enters into to let the Premises for residential purposes
d	any dispute over the freehold or leasehold or commonhold or title of the Premises
e	Adjudication
f	any dispute with Government or local authority departments concerning the imposition of rates or other local taxes
g	the defence of the Insured’s legal rights other than in defending a counter-claim by the other party to the Commercial Tenancy Agreement. 7	Statutory Licence Appeal
The Insured Person has cover to appeal to the relevant authority, court or tribunal following a decision made by such licensing or regulatory authority to suspend, revoke, alter or refuse to renew a Statutory Licence. 

Paragraph 31
In respect of Event 7 – Statutory Licence Appeal there is no cover for:
a	any appeal arising out of a hearing that took place because of a commercial decision made by the Insured Person in relation to the Business
b	any appeal following a hearing that the Insured Person knew about, or should reasonably have known about, before this Section commences
c	any appeal involving a Statutory Licence for which the Insured Person has made an appeal in the twelve (12) months before this Section commences
d	any disciplinary or internal procedures conducted by authorities charged with the regulation of the Insured Person in the performance of their normal
 
Business activities, or for any appeal following such procedures
e	the first application for, or application for the renewal of, the Insured Person’s Statutory Licence
f	any suspension, revocation, alteration or refusal to renew a Statutory Licence which is imposed by Acts of Parliament or national or local government regulation or order
g	any appeal arising out of hearings relating in whole or in part to:
i	owning, driving or using a motor vehicle ii	drug offences
iii	under age drinking or under age admission to Premises or
iv	allegations of sexual or indecent activities. 8	Pension Trustee Defence
The Insured Person has cover for the defence of their legal rights in civil proceedings arising from the Insured Person’s capacity as a trustee of a pension fund set up for the benefit of Employees. 9	Employee’s Civil Defence
The Insured Person has cover for the defence of their legal rights in civil proceedings arising from the Insured Person’s work as an Employee under legislation for unlawful discrimination on the grounds of sex, sexual orientation, race, disability, age, religious belief, political opinion or any other discrimination identified by Acts of Parliament. 10 Personal Injury
The Insured Person has cover for the pursuit of their legal rights following an event which causes the Insured Person’s death or bodily injury. Provided that the death or bodily injury arises out of the Business
In respect of Event 10 – Personal Injury there is no cover for disputes between the Insured and the Insured Person. 11 Jury Service Allowance
The Insured has cover for Jury Service Allowance. 12 Contract Disputes – Below Small Claims Limit
The Insured has cover for the pursuit or defence of a
 




 

dispute with a manufacturer or supplier or customer in respect of a Contract. Provided that:
a	the goods or services in question are supplied in connection with the normal Business activities of the Insured and
b	the amount in dispute is more than £250 but equal to or less than the Small Claims Limit and
c	the Claim is heard within a Small Claims Court and d if the Insured is pursuing another party to the
Contract for an amount of money and interest, that
amount is not an Undisputed Debt. In respect of Event 12 – Contract Disputes – Below Small Claims Limit there is no cover for:
a	the recovery of any Undisputed Debt other than where the other party to the Contract has indicated an intention to defend the Claim and that party has a realistic chance of defending the Claim
b	the pursuit or defence of any Claim brought by or against the Insured Person caused by or arising from or in relation to professional services, advice or specification given by the Insured or on behalf of the Insured Person
c	any dispute arising from or as a consequence of any breach or alleged breach of professional duty or any error or omission in any advice given by the Insured Person or on behalf of the Insured Person
d	any dispute where a Claim is brought against the Insured caused by or arising from the provision of goods or services by the Insured relating to the construction, alteration or repair of any building, or part of that building, or structure
e	any dispute relating to computer hardware, software, systems or services
f	any arbitration unless wholly in accordance with the Arbitration Act 1996
g	Adjudication
h	any dispute in respect of assignment, bailment, bills of exchange, credit, insurance, securities or guarantee
i	any dispute relating to a lease, licence or tenancy of land or buildings other than a dispute with a professional adviser in connection with the drafting of a lease, licence or Commercial Tenancy Agreement
 

j	any dispute relating to the legal right of the Insured to own, occupy or use any land or building or any benefit or alleged benefit attaching to the land
k	any dispute relating to the ownership, possession, hiring or use of motor vehicles
l	any dispute arising out of the amount payable under an insurance policy. Exclusions
In addition to the Policy Exclusions and the exclusions
 


 
9	Any Claim made, brought, commenced, continued or transferred outside of the Geographical Limits. 10	Any Claim where in the Insurer’s opinion there are no Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome. 11	Fines or other penalties imposed by a court, tribunal or regulator, including any costs awarded against the Insured Person following criminal proceedings. 12	Any dispute between the Insured Person and the Insurer. 13	Any dispute between the Insured Person and the Legal Representative in respect of a Claim under this Section, or between the Insured and the provider of any Additional Service or telephone helpline available under this Section. 14	Any Claim relating to damage to goods in transit or goods lent or hired to third parties or goods at premises other than the Premises. 

Paragraph 32
15	Any Claim arising from or relating to the operation of a franchise or distribution agreement. 16	Any dispute between individuals comprising the Insured or with any subsidiary, parent, associated or sister company or arising from a shareholding agreement, a partnership agreement or a trust. 17	Any Claim arising as a result of an allegation of libel or slander. 18	Any Claim relating to patents, copyrights, trademarks, merchandise marks, registered designs or other intellectual property, breach of secrecy or confidentiality, passing off action or restrictive covenants, other than as specified in Event 1d Breach of Restrictive Covenant. 19	Any Claim arising from or relating to an application for judicial review or other challenge to any legislation or proposed legislation. 20	Any Claim relating to any non-contracting party’s right to enforce all or any part of this Section. The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 does not apply to this Section. 21	Defending the Insured Person in any legal proceedings arising from:
a	bodily injury, death, illness or disease (including psychiatric injury and stress) or
b	loss, destruction or damage to property or
c	alleged or actual breach of any duty owed as a director or officer of the Insured, other than as specified in Event 8 Pension Trustee Defence. apply to this Section:
A General Conditions
1	Change of Risk
It is a condition precedent to the liability of the Insurer to provide cover under this Section that the Insured must notify the Insurer in writing of any alteration during the Period of Insurance which would materially affect the Insurers assessment of the risk and that part of this insurance affected shall cease to be in force unless such alteration is agreed in writing by the Insurer. The Insurer shall have the right to amend the premium and the Insured will pay an additional premium to, or receive a refund of premium from, the Insurer as the case may be. 2	Arbitration
Any dispute between the Insured Person and the Insurer concerning this Section shall be referred to a single arbitrator who will be either a solicitor or barrister agreed upon by the parties or failing agreement one who is nominated by the President of the appropriate Law Society or by the Chairman of the Bar Council or appropriate professional body within the Geographical Limits. All the costs of the arbitration shall be met in full by the party against whom the decision is made. If the decision is not clearly made against one party the arbitrator will have the power to apportion costs. If the decision is made in the Insurer’s favour, the Insured Person’s costs will not be recoverable under this Section. The decision will be final and binding upon both the Insured Person and the Insurer and cannot be the subject of an appeal. 

Paragraph 35
The Insured Person must send the name and address of the Insured Person’s chosen Legal Representative to the Insurer. Other than where such a conflict of interest has arisen, if the Insurer agrees to appoint a Legal Representative that the Insured Person chooses, the Insured Person must pay a £500 Excess. The Insured Person must pay the Excess at the start of the Claim. If the Insurer agrees to appoint a Legal Representative that the Insured Person chooses, that Legal Representative will be appointed on the same terms as the Insurer would have appointed its chosen Legal Representative. In respect of any Claim for which the Insurer has granted Consent, the Legal Representative will be appointed in the name of and on behalf of the Insured Person to act for the Insured Person in accordance with the terms of this Section. In agreeing to the selection of a Legal Representative the Insured Person will comply with Claims Process Condition 4. The Insurer’s liability to provide cover under this Section will cease immediately with no liability to indemnify the Insured Person in any respect unless in its absolute discretion the Insurer agrees to another Legal Representative being appointed to continue acting for the Insured Person under the terms of this Section, if:
i	due to any conduct or failure to act by the Insured Person, the Legal Representative reasonably refuses to continue acting for the Insured Person or
ii	the Insured Person unreasonably dismisses the Legal Representative against the advice of the Legal Representative and without the Insurer’s agreement. b	Disclosures to the Legal Representative
It is a condition precedent to the Insurer's liability to provide cover under this Section that the Insured Person must give the Legal Representative all possible help and information including a complete and truthful account of the facts of the case and all relevant documentary or other evidence in the Insured Person’s possession. The Insured Person must provide, obtain or execute all documents as necessary and attend meetings or conferences as requested. c	Access to Information
The Insurer is entitled to receive from the Legal Representative any information, document or advice in connection with any Claim, even if privileged. On request the Insured Person will give to the Legal Representative any instructions necessary to secure the required access. d	Obligations of the Insured Person and Legal Representative in relation to any Claim. It is a condition precedent to the Insurer's lability to provide cover under this Section that:
i	The Insured Person and on their behalf the Legal Representative immediately notify the Insurer in writing of any information as soon as it is received which may affect the Insurer’s opinion on the Reasonable Prospects of a Satisfactory Outcome of the Claim
ii	The Insured Person and on their behalf the Legal Representative will inform the Insurer in writing as soon as any offer to settle a Claim is received or made or an offer of payment into Court is received. The Insured Person or the Legal Representative will under no circumstances enter into any agreement to settle without the
 

Insurer’s prior written consent. If, in the Insurer’s opinion, the Insured Person unreasonably withholds agreement to settle, cover under this Section will cease immediately. 

Paragraph 36
The Insurer agrees to indemnify the Insured Person in respect of Legal Expenses incurred up to the date when Cover ceased
iii	The Insured Person and on their behalf the Legal Representative will report in writing the result of the Claim to the Insurer when it is finished. e	Payment of Legal Representative’s Bills
The Insurer shall have the right to settle Legal Expenses at the conclusion of a Claim. The Insured Person should forward all bills which are received from the Legal Representative relating to the Claim to the Insurer without delay following conclusion of the Claim. If the Insurer requires, the Insured Person must ask the Legal Representative to submit the bill of costs for audit or assessment by the appropriate court or, at the discretion of the Insurer, a law costs draughtsman or other competent party. The Insurer will only pay Legal Expenses that are determined as reasonable by the audit or assessment. The Insured Person is responsible for the payment of all Legal Expenses. The Insurer may settle these direct if requested by the Insured Person to do so. The payment of some Legal Expenses does not imply that all Legal Expenses will be paid. The Insured Person must not, without the Insurer’s written consent, enter into any agreement with the Legal Representative as to the basis of calculation of Legal Expenses. f	Instruction of Counsel
If, during the course of any Claim (other than where Claims Process Condition 2 applies), the Insured Person or the Legal Representative considers it necessary and wishes to instruct counsel, counsel’s name must first be submitted to the Insurer for Consent to the proposed instruction. g	Conduct of the Claim
It is a condition precedent to the Insurer’s continuing liability to provide cover under this Section that the Insured Person
i	does not withdraw from a Claim or dismiss the Legal Representative without the written agreement of the Insurer and the Legal Representative
ii	co-operates fully with the Legal Representative or the Insurer in the conduct of the Claim
iii	follows the advice of the Legal Representative. If the Insured Person fails to comply with either i, ii or iii then the Insurer’s liability to provide cover under this Section will cease immediately and the Insurer will not be responsible for the payment of Legal Expenses, Compensatory Awards or Data Protection Compensation Awards and will be entitled to reimbursement of all Legal Expenses already incurred in respect of the Claim unless the Insurer agrees to appoint another Legal Representative to continue the Claim. h	Award of Costs
Where the Insured Person is awarded costs, it is a condition precedent to the Insurer's liability to provide cover under this Section that the Insured Person and the Legal Representative must take every reasonable step to recover Legal Expenses which would be or have been subject to payment under this Section. All such recoveries will be taken into account when calculating the Insurer’s liability under this Section. i	Alternative Dispute Resolution
When, in the Insurer’s opinion, alternative dispute resolution would appear to provide a more effective method of resolving any Claim, the Insurer may request that the Insured Person agrees to submit such Claim to a professional dispute resolution service, to be selected by the Insurer. 

Paragraph 37
In considering alternative dispute resolution the Insured Person will comply with Claims Process Condition 4 and will not therefore unreasonably withhold Consent. Communications
All notices and communications from the Insurer or the Insurer’s representatives to the Insured Person will be deemed to have been duly sent if sent to the Insured Person’s last known address or, in relation to any matters arising out of any Claim, if sent to the Legal Representative. All notices and communication from the Insured Person to the Insurer should be sent to:
Allianz Legal Protection 2530 The Quadrant Aztec West Almondsbury
Bristol BS32 4AW
United Kingdom Telephone: 0370 243 4340
Email: alpenquiries@allianz.co.uk
 
Additional Services
In addition to the indemnity provided by the Insurer in respect of Events 1 to 12, two further services are available to the Insured under this Section. The Insured may access these services at any time during the Period of Insurance, although the Insurer will not be liable to provide any indemnity in respect of legal costs or other expenses incurred by the Insured as a result of using either service. 1	Commercial Litigator Service - Contract Disputes above the Small Claims Limit in Great Britain
If the Insured is involved in a dispute arising out of a Contract (including a dispute over professional negligence in the delivery of services to the Insured) and wishes to pursue a legal action against another party to that Contract, the Insured has access to free legal advice to determine the merits of taking that action. This service does not apply to disputes arising out of, or relating to:
•	Libel or slander
•	Debt recovery
•	Employment contracts, partnerships or shareholdings
•	Property (including intellectual property)
•	Taxation, inheritance or trusts
•	Insurance contracts
To make use of this service, the Insured should download a Litigation Assessment Form from:
www.allianzlegalprotection.co.uk/home/ intermediaries/commercial-litigator.html
This form should be completed by the Insured and sent to the Insurer at:
The Underwriting Department 2530 The Quadrant
Aztec West Almondsbury Bristol
BS32 4AW
Telephone:	0370 243 4340
Fax:	01454 201 505
Email:	commercial-litigator@allianz.co.uk
If the Insured is unable to download a Litigation Assessment Form, the Insured should contact the Insurer using the details above. The Litigation Assessment Form will provide the Insured with a choice of Legal Representative to advise on the merits of taking legal action where the dispute will be pursued in England or Wales. If no choice is made by the Insured, or for all disputes that will be pursued in Scotland, the Insurer will choose the Legal Representative. The Legal Representative will provide the Insured with a written assessment on the merits of pursuing the legal action. There will be no cost to the Insured for this written assessment provided that:
a	the legal action falls outside of the jurisdiction of the Small Claims Court and will be decided by a court within Great Britain and
b	the assessment requires no more than 7 hours of work from the Legal Representative and
c	the Legal Representative does not need to incur any expenses or other disbursements in order to produce the assessment and
d	the Insured has not previously received a legal opinion or taken any legal action in respect of the dispute. If the Legal Representative needs to carry out more than 7 hours of work or needs to incur expenses or other disbursements in order to provide the Insured with the assessment, these costs will be payable by the Insured to the Legal Representative. The costs will be confirmed to, and agreed with, the Insured before the Legal Representative continues with the production of the assessment. If the Legal Representative and the Insurer agree that the Insured has reasonable prospects of successfully pursuing the dispute, the Insured will be given an option to enter into a legal action against the other party to the Contract. This legal action will be conducted under a separate agreement between the Insured and the Legal Representative. In conjunction with that separate agreement, the Insured will be offered a Commercial Litigator After the Event Insurance Policy to cover:
a	disbursements that the Insured incurs in pursuing the dispute and
b	legal costs and expenses incurred by the Insured’s opponent if they are awarded against the Insured in the event that the Insured is unsuccessful in the legal action. 

Paragraph 43
Solaglass Windowcare will bill us direct – you pay nothing except the policy excess and the VAT. The services is available 24 hours a day, all year round, and can be telephoned FREE on 0800 474747. Help On Starting and Running a Business
Running a business means facing a constant stream of challenges and opportunities often with limited resources. Whether you’re looking for help with management techniques, finance, export skills, design, technology, marketing or information technology, one phone call will put you in touch with a highly experienced team of experts with hands-on experience. To contact your regional Business Support Helpline, telephone:
England:
Business Support Helpline Telephone: 0300 456 3565
Textphone: 0208 742 8620 Monday to Friday, 9am to 6pm
 

Wales:
Business Wales Helpline Telephone: 0300 060 3000 Monday to Friday, 8am to 6pm
Scotland:
Business Gateway (Scotland) Telephone: 0845 609 6611
Textphone: 0141 952 7053 Monday to Friday, 8am to 6pm
Support and advice can also be obtained through the GOV.UK
website at https://www.gov.uk/business-support- helpline

Risk Director
Risk Director is Allianz’s award winning online risk management service that is FREE for Allianz policyholders. At the click of a button you can access effective risk management guidance and information and also access trusted and impartial risk management product and service resources. Try it now via www.riskdirector.co.uk


Flex your cover without penalties
Allianz understands that small business circumstances can change, especially when you are just starting out. Your insurance policy comes with the option to change your details with no administration fee. Reassess your risk
If your circumstances change or if you’re coming to the end of your annual policy, you can use our online tool to check that you are properly covered. Just go to www.barclays.co.uk to find out more or speak to your Barclays Business Manager in branch. Data Protection




 
Telephone calls may be recorded for our mutual protection, training and monitoring purposes. Allianz Insurance plc together with other companies within the Allianz SE group of companies (Allianz Group) may use the personal and business details you have given or which are supplied by third parties including any details of directors, officers, partners and employees to provide you with a quotation; deal with your policy; to search credit reference and fraud agencies who may keep a record of the search; to share with other insurance organisations to help offset risks, to help administer your policy and to handle claims and prevent fraud; to support the development of our business by including your details in customer surveys, and for market research and compliance business reviews which may be carried out by third parties acting on behalf of Allianz Group. You agreed when you applied for the policy that your directors, officers, partners, and employees have consented to Allianz Group using their details in this way. Allianz Group may need to collect data relating to Insured Persons, which under the Data Protection Act is defined as sensitive (such as medical history and conviction details of the Insured Persons) for the purpose of evaluating the risk or administering claims which may occur. You must ensure that you have explicit verbal or written consent from the insured persons to such information being processed by Allianz Group and that this fact is made known to the insured persons. 

Paragraph 44
If your policy provides Employers' Liability cover information relating to your insurance policy will be provided to the Employers' Liability Tracing Office (the “ELTO”) and added to an electronic database, (the “Database”) in a format set out by the Employers' Liability Insurance: Disclosure by Insurers Instrument 2010. The Database assists individual consumer claimants who have suffered an employment related injury or disease arising out of their course of employment in the UK for employers carrying on, or who carried on, business in the UK and who are covered by the employers’ liability insurance of their employers, (the “Claimants”):
•	to identify which insurer (or insurers) was (or were) providing employers’ liability cover during the relevant periods of employment; and
 
•	to identify the relevant employers’ liability insurance policies. The Database and the data stored on it may be accessed and used by the Claimants, their appointed representatives, insurers with potential liability for UK commercial lines employers’ liability insurance cover and any other persons or entities permitted by law. The Database will be managed by the ELTO and further information can be found on the ELTO website www.elto.org.uk. By entering into this insurance policy you will be deemed to specifically consent to the use of your insurance policy data in this way and for these purposes. Allianz will share your information with Barclays Group for the purpose of managing policy(ies), to assess the conditions of the insurance contract, to deal with claims, to obtain/provide quotations on an ongoing basis and in the normal course of servicing and administering your insurance. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 individuals are entitled to a copy of all the personal information Allianz Insurance plc holds about them. Should you require further details in respect of this matter please contact the Customer Satisfaction Manager at Barclays Business Insurance, PO Box 883, Lancaster, LA1 9JA. Personal details may be transferred to countries outside the EEA. They will at all times be held securely and handled with the utmost care in accordance with all principles of English law. Barclays Bank PLC act as an introducer to Allianz Insurance plc for Barclays Business Insurance which is arranged, administered and underwritten by Allianz Insurance plc (registered number 84638), registered office 57 Ladymead, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 1DB. Allianz Insurance plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Financial Services Register number 121849. Barclays Bank PLC is not part of the Allianz (UK) Group. Barclays Bank PLC. 



Result Category: PROPERTY Insurance
Result found in File: PROPERTY_Residential-Property-Owners-Policy-Wording-1910_final.txt

Paragraph 2
This service is available between 9am and 5pm on weekdays (except bank holidays) subject to a charge. Business Legal Services	www.araglegal.co.uk By choosing Arch Insurance (UK) Limited, you also have free access to business support via www.araglegal.co.uk. The Business Legal Services website provides the essential tools and services to prepare vital paperwork; for example, your Health & Safety Policy, up to date employment legal procedures, advice on management and recovery of debts. Register today at www.araglegal.co.uk and enter the voucher code shown on your policy schedule to access the law guide and download legal documents to help with commercial legal matters. For a fee you can have your documents reviewed by a solicitor to ensure they meet your specific requirements. How to Complain
If You have an enquiry arising from Your Policy please contact Your insurance agent who arranged the Policy for You or the
local Arch office quoting the Policy number in all cases

If You have a complaint arising from Your Policy please contact

Complaints Manager
Arch Insurance Company (UK) Limited
5th Floor
Plantation Place South 60 Great Tower Street London EC3R 5AZ

complaints@archinsurance.co.uk

After this action if You are still not satisfied with the way a complaint has been dealt with Your complaint may also be referred
to the Financial Ombudsman Service The address is Financial Ombudsman Service
Exchange Tower London E14 9SR
www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk

Telephone: 0800 023 4567/ 0300 123 9 123
Fax: 020 7964 1001
Email: complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk

Following the complaints procedure does not affect Your rights to take legal proceedings


Financial Services Compensation Scheme
Arch Insurance Company (UK) Limited and the insurers of this policy are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). If we are unable to meet our obligations, you may be entitled to compensation from the scheme, depending on the type of insurance and the circumstances of the claim. Further information is available from the FSCS at www.fscs.org.uk
 
Important Information
The Employers Liability (Compulsory Insurance) Regulations 1998 lay down certain obligations for employers and in particular
You should be aware of the following


Display of Certificates
We will provide You with a Certificate of Employers Liability Insurance and this will state clearly the companies covered by it You must display either an original copy or make available a copy of the Certificate of Employers Liability Insurance in an electronic format at each Business Premises where Your Employees can see it easily

Retention of Certificates
The Employers’ Liability (Compulsory Insurance Amendment) Regulations 2008 remove the requirement for You to retain copies of Certificates of Employers Liability Insurance that have expired for at least 40 years However it is still good business practice to retain the Certificates because certain claims eg disease could be made many years after the disease is caused and if Your insurer can not be identified You could be liable for any payments

Fair Processing Notice
The privacy and security of your information is important to us. This notice explains who we are, the types of information we hold, how we use it, who we share it with and how long we keep it. It also informs you of certain rights you have regarding your personal information under current data protection law. The terms used in this Fair Processing Notice relate to the Information Commissioner’s Office guidance. Who are we? Arch Insurance Company (UK) Limited which is part of the Arch Insurance group (“Arch”). Arch is the Data Controller of the information you provide us and is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office for the products and services we provide to you. You can contact us for general data protection queries by email to DPO@archinsurance.co.uk or in writing to Compliance Team, 5th Floor Plantation Place South, 60 Great Tower Street, London EC3R 5AZ. 

Paragraph 3
Please advise us of as much detail as possible to comply with your request. What information do we collect? We will collect personal information which may include your name, telephone number, email address, postal address, occupation, date of birth, additional details of risks related to your enquiry or product and payment details (including bank account number and sort code) which we need to offer and provide the service or product or deal with a claim. We may need to request and collect sensitive personal information such as details of convictions or medical history that are necessary for providing you with the product, service or for processing a claim. We only collect and process sensitive personal data where it is critical for the delivery of a product or service and without which the product or service cannot be provided. We will therefore not seek explicit consent to process this information as the processing is legitimised by its criticality to the service provision. If you object to use of this information then we will be unable to offer you the product or service requested. How do we use your personal information? We will use your personal information to

•	assess and provide the products or services that you have requested
•	communicate with you
•	develop new products and services
•	undertake statistical analysis
 
We may also take the opportunity to

•	contact you about products that are closely related to those you already hold with us
•	provide additional assistance or tips about these products or services
•	notify you of important functionality changes to our websites

We make outbound phone calls for a variety of reasons relating to many of our products or services (for example, to update you on the progress of a claim or to discuss renewal of your insurance contract). We are fully committed to the regulations set out by Ofcom and follow strict processes to ensure we comply with them. To ensure confidentiality and security of the information we hold, we may need to request personal information and ask
security questions to satisfy ourselves that you are who you say you are. We may aggregate information and statistics on website usage or for developing new and existing products and services, and we may also provide this information to third parties. These statistics will not include information that can be used to identify any individual. Securing your personal information
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal information in line with industry practices, including storage in electronic and paper formats. We store all the information you provide to us, including information provided via forms you may complete on our websites, and information which we may collect from your browsing (such as clicks and page views on our websites). 

Paragraph 5
In certain cases, we will keep your information for longer, particularly where a product includes liability insurances or types of insurance for which a claim could potentially be made by you or a third party at a future date, even after your contract with us has ended. Your rights
Under data protection law you have the right to change or withdraw your consent and to request details of any personal data that we hold about you. Where we have no legitimate reason to continue to hold your information, you have the right to be forgotten. We may use automated decision making in processing your personal information for some services and products. You can request a manual review of the accuracy of an automated decision that you are unhappy with. Further details of your rights can be obtained by visiting our long form notice at www.archcapgroup.com/Privacy-and-Data-Protection-Policy
 
Index	



The Contract of Insurance and the Underwriters

Page Number

9
General Definitions
11
General Conditions
14
General Exceptions
20

Sections	

Property Damage Section

23
Equipment Breakdown Section
35
Legal Liabilities Section
41
Landlords’ Legal Expenses and Rent Indemnity Section
47
Extended Loss of Rental Income Section
52
Terrorism Section
57
Engineering Inspection Section
59
 
The Contract of Insurance and the Underwriters
This policy is underwritten by Arch Insurance Company (UK) Limited

In consideration of payment of the premium the liability of an Underwriter under this contract is several and not joint with other insurers party to this contract to indemnify You within the limits terms conditions and exceptions of this Policy against the events set out in the sections operative and occurring in connection with the Business during the Period of Insurance and any subsequent period for which You pay and the Underwriter agrees to accept a premium
An Underwriter is not jointly liable for the proportion of liability underwritten by any other Underwriter Nor is an Underwriter otherwise responsible for any liability of any other Underwriter that may underwrite this contract
Where the Underwriter is a Lloyd’s syndicate each member of the syndicate (rather than the syndicate itself) is an Underwriter Each member has underwritten a proportion of the total shown for the syndicate (that total itself being the total of the proportions underwritten by all the members of the syndicate taken together) The liability of each member of the syndicate
is several and not joint with other members A member is liable only for that members proportion A member is not jointly liable for any other members proportion Nor is any member responsible for any liability of any other Underwriter that may underwrite this contract The business address of each member is Lloyd’s, One Lime street, London EC3M 7HA The identity of each member of a Lloyds syndicate and their respective proportion may be obtained by writing to Market Services at the above address
Although reference is made at various points in this clause to “this contract” in the singular where circumstances so require
this should be read as a reference to contracts in the plural

Each Underwriter is only liable in respect of the cover or engineering inspection service provided under the Section(s) of this Policy shown against them below and not any other section
Landlords’ Legal Expenses and	AmTrust Europe Limited Registered in England and Wales. Company No. Rent Indemnity Section	1229676. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated
by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Firm’s reference number 202189. Registered office: Market Square House, St James’s Street, Nottingham, NG1 6FG, and administered by ARAG plc (FCA Register No 452369) authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority

Equipment Breakdown Section	HSB Engineering Insurance Limited (FCA Register No 202738) authorised by
the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Registered office: New London House, 6 London Street, London, EC3R 7LP. For details on how your information is used and your rights in relation to your information, please see our Privacy statement at https://www.munichre.com/HSBEIL

Engineering Inspection Section	HSB Engineering Insurance Services Limited is accredited by UKAS as a
type A Inspection Authority in accordance with the recognised international standard ISO/IEC 17020. Registered office: New London House, 6 London Street, London, EC3R 7LP. For details on how your information is used and your rights in relation to your information, please see our Privacy statement at https://www.munichre.com/HSBEIL

All Other Sections	Arch Insurance (UK) Limited, 5th Floor, Plantation Place South, 60 Great Tower Street, London EC3R 5AZ – (FCA Register No 229887) authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority
Arch Insurance Group consist of FCA registered companies, including Thomas Underwriting Agency Limited (FCA number 304302) and Axiom Underwriting Agency Limited (FCA number 441460), registered at the address provided, who may act as intermediaries for certain insurers. 

Paragraph 6
Steve Bashford
Chief Executive of Arch UK Regional Division
A division of Arch Insurance Company (UK) Limited


You can check this information on the Financial Conduct Authority register by visiting the FCA’s website www.fca.org.uk/register or by contacting the Financial Conduct Authority on 0800 111 6768. Information relating to the Prudential Regulation Authority can be found at www.bankofengland.co.uk/pra


IMPORTANT
This Policy is a legal contract between You and Us and designed to be as easy to understand as possible You must make a fair presentation of the risk to Us at inception renewal and variation of the Policy

Your proposal the Schedule Your Policy and any Endorsements shall be considered one legal document

It is important that You read all Your documents carefully and let Your insurance agent know immediately if the insurance does not meet Your requirements or if any information is inaccurate or incomplete If any changes are required this may result in changes to the terms and conditions of the Policy or a refusal to provide cover

Your obligations under the Policy
The Policy imposes certain obligations upon You which if not complied with may invalidate this insurance or a claim

Some of these obligations are expressed to be Conditions General Conditions or Conditions Precedent These are extremely important If you are in breach of any of these obligations at the time of a loss We will have no obligation to indemnify You in relation to any claim for that loss However if a Condition General Condition or Condition Precedent is intended to reduce the risk of a loss of a particular kind at a particular location or at a particular time We will not rely on the breach of that Condition General Condition or Condition Precedent to exclude limit or discharge our liability if the breach could not have increased the risk of the loss which actually occurred in the circumstances in which it occurred

Steps to be taken if you cannot comply
If You are unable to comply with any Condition General Condition or Condition Precedent You should contact Us as soon as reasonably possible through Your insurance agent We will decide whether We might be prepared to agree a variation in the Policy

All Conditions General Conditions or Conditions Precedent remain effective unless You receive written confirmation of a
variation from Us through Your insurance agent

You should keep a written record (including copies of letters) of any information You give Us or Your insurance agent at inception renewal or making variation to this Policy
 
General Definitions
Each time We use one of the words or phrases listed below it will have the same meaning wherever it appears in Your Policy unless We state otherwise. A defined word or phrase will start with a capital letter each time it appears in the Policy except for headings and titles. Each Section of the Policy contains definitions which apply to that particular Section and they must be read in conjunction with the following General Definitions. We/Us/Our
The Underwriters as set out in the Section of the Policy headed The Contract of Insurance and the Underwriters


You/Your/Policyholder
The person(s) or Company shown in the Schedule as the Policyholder


Bedroom
A room used as or originally designed and built to be a Bedroom even if now used for another purpose


Business
Activities as detailed in the Statement of Fact and/or Schedule


Damage/Damaged
Accidental loss destruction or damage


Employee
Any person working under Your control in connection with the Business who is
1.	under a contract of service or apprenticeship with You
2.	a person under a contract of service or apprenticeship with some other employer and who is hired to or borrowed by You
3.	a labour master or person supplied by him
4.	a person engaged by a labour only sub-contractor
5.	a self-employed person working on a labour only basis
6.	a driver or operator of hired-in plant
7.	a trainee or person undergoing work experience
8.	a voluntary helper
9.	a person working under the Community Offenders Act 1978 the Community Offenders (Scotland) Act 1978 or
similar legislation
10.	an outworker or home worker employed under contracts to execute personally any work in connection with the Business

Excess
The first amount of each and every claim for which You shall be responsible as shown in the Schedule


Injury
Bodily injury including death illness or disease


Limit of Liability
The Limit of Liability stated in the Schedule
 
Money
Current coin bank and currency notes postal and money orders bankers drafts cheques and giro cheques crossed warrants bills of exchange and securities for money postage revenue national insurance and holiday with pay stamps national insurance and holiday with pay cards national savings certificates war bonds premium savings bonds and franking machine impressions credit company sales vouchers luncheon vouchers trading stamps and VAT invoices
Period of Insurance
The period shown in the Schedule for which We accept Your premium


Premises
The part of the premises at the address or addresses specified in the Statement of Fact and/or Schedule occupied by You for
the purpose of the Business


Policy
This Policy is made up of a number of documents. These documents are the
(a)	Policy
(b)	Statement of Fact and/or Schedule
(c)	endorsements
(d)	notice to policyholders


Condition Precedent
Any term expressed Condition Precedent is extremely important
If You are in breach of any of these obligations at the time of a loss We will have no obligation to indemnify You in relation to any claim for that loss
However if a Condition Precedent is intended to reduce the risk of a loss of a particular kind at a particular location or at a particular time We will not rely on the breach of that Condition Precedent to exclude limit or discharge Our liability if the breach could not have increased the risk of the loss which actually occurred in the circumstances in which it occurred

Property
Material property


Schedule
The Schedule for the time being in force detailing the cover provided


Statement of Fact
This is a record of the information that You provided to Your insurance agent about You and Your Business upon which upon which Your insurance quotation is based

Subjectivity Condition
If this policy has been issued or renewed subject to the following requirements

(1)	(a)	You providing Us with any additional information requested
(b)	You completing any actions agreed between You and Us
(c)	You allowing Us to complete any actions agreed between You and Us by the required date(s)
(2)	You allowing Us access to the Premises Your contract sites and or the Business to carry out survey(s) within 60 days of the inception or renewal date unless We agree otherwise in writing
 
(3)	You complying with all survey risk improvements to make alterations to the Premises or contract sites by the required date(s)

and You do not complete these requirements by the required date(s), then We may at Our absolute discretion

(a)	modify the premium
(b)	issue a mid-term amendment to the policy or Section terms conditions and exceptions
(c)	exercise our right to cancel the Policy
(d)	leave the Policy or Section terms conditions and exceptions and the premium, unaltered

We will contact You with Our decision and where applicable specify the date(s) by which any action(s) agreed need to be completed by You and or any decision by Us will take effect If the premium terms or conditions are amended by Us then You will have fourteen (14) days to accept or reject the revised basis of indemnity

If You elect to reject the revised basis of premium terms and conditions then You shall be entitled to a proportionate refund of premium for the unexpired period of cover provided that no claim has been made during the current Period of Insurance

If We exercise Our right to cancel the Policy then You shall be entitled to a proportionate refund of premium for the unexpired period of cover provided that no claim has been made during the current Period of Insurance

To the extent that this Condition conflicts with any other cancellation condition then this condition shall prevail

Except in so far as they are expressly varied by this condition all of the terms conditions exclusions and limits of this Policy and of the Sections of the policy shall continue to apply until We advise You otherwise

Sum Insured
The Sum Insured as stated in the Schedule


Tenant
The person or persons legally occupying the Premises and any member of their family permanently living with them at the Premises

Unoccupied
The Premises or any part thereof that have become empty untenanted or which have not been actively used for a period of more than 45 days or is no longer in active use and is awaiting refurbishment redevelopment renovation or demolition
 
General Conditions
Each Section of the Policy contains conditions and must be read in conjunction with the following General Conditions which
apply to all Sections unless otherwise stated


Average
Where a Sum Insured is subject to average if at the time of the Damage the Sum Insured is less than the total value of the
Property You will be considered as Your own insurer for the difference and bear a proportionate share of the loss


Basis of Claims Settlement for Property
Unless stated otherwise in the Schedule the basis of settlement under this Policy shall be
1. Reinstatement
the amount payable in respect of Buildings shall be the cost of the reinstatement of the Damage
For this purpose “reinstatement” means
a.	the rebuilding or replacement of Property Insured lost or destroyed which provided Our liability is not increased may be carried out
i.	in any manner suitable to Your requirements
ii. upon another site
b.	the repair or restoration of Property Insured Damaged
in either case to a condition equivalent to or substantially the same as but not better or more extensive than its condition when new

Provided that
1. Our liability for the repair or restoration of Property Insured Damaged in part only shall not exceed the amount which would have been payable had such Property been wholly lost or destroyed
2. If at the time of reinstatement the sum representing 85% of the cost which would have been incurred in reinstating the whole of the Property covered by any item subject to this Condition exceeds its Sum Insured at the commencement of any Damage Our liability shall not exceed that proportion of the amount of the Damage which the Sum Insured shall bear to the sum representing the total cost of reinstating the whole of such Property at
that time
3. No payment beyond the amount which would have been payable in the absence of this Condition shall be made
a.	unless reinstatement commences and proceeds without unreasonable delay
b.	until the cost of reinstatement shall have been actually incurred
c.	if the Property Insured at the time of the Damage shall be insured by any other insurance effected by You
or on Your behalf which is not upon the same basis of reinstatement
4. All the terms and Conditions of this Policy shall apply
a.	in respect of any claim payable under the provisions of this Condition except insofar as they are
varied hereby
b.	where claims are payable as if this Condition had not been incorporated
The maximum amount We will pay in respect of any one item is the Sum Insured

2	Indemnity
the amount payable in respect of Property Insured shall be the value at the time of Damage or at Our option the cost of reinstatement or replacement of such Property Insured or any part of it
Provided that
If at the time of Damage the Sum Insured for the item is less than 85% of the value of the item insured then Our liability shall be limited to that proportion of the Damage which the Sum Insured bears to the value of the Property Insured

Cancellation
1. You may cancel Your Policy
a.	within 14 days of receiving Your policy documents for the first Period of Insurance if for any reason You are dissatisfied or the Policy does not meet Your requirements
b.	if at any time You sell the Business or sell all of the property insured shown in the Schedule or You cease trading
 
If You cancel the Policy We will return part of the premium proportionate to the unexpired Period of Insurance provided that no claims have been paid or outstanding during the current Period of Insurance

1. Other than when the Fraud Policy Condition applies
We may cancel Your Policy
a. By sending You 30 days written notice to Your last known address

We will return part of the premium paid proportionate to the unexpired Period of Insurance provided that
-	No claims have been paid or are outstanding or incidents reported that could give rise to a claim during the current Period of Insurance
-	We have not identified a breach of any Policy Condition

b. 

Paragraph 7
Immediately if the premium has not been paid or there has been a default under an instalment or linked credit agreement

If this Policy or the Employers Liability Section is cancelled any certificates of Employers Liability Insurance are cancelled from
the same date any copies should not be displayed at Your Premises


Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
In the absence of agreement to the contrary this Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales Any dispute relating to limits terms conditions and exceptions or validity of this Policy shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales

Change of Risk
You must notify Us prior to or immediately if during the Period of Insurance there is any change in Your ownership of the Business or if there is any change
1.	in or to the Business
2.	due to the Business being wound up or carried on by a liquidator or receiver or permanently discontinued
3.	due to its disposal or removal
4.	in respect of which Your interest ceases except by operation of law
5.	in respect of the risk of subsidence ground heave or landslip where any demolition construction ground works or excavation work is being carried out on any site adjoining the Premises
6.	to the facts or matters set out in the Schedule or otherwise comprising the risk presentation made by You to Us at inception renewal or change of the Policy
which materially increases risk of loss or Damage as Insured by this Policy

Should You be in any doubt as to whether information should be presented to Us You must
-	discuss it with Your insurance agent or
-	disclose it to Us

Upon being notified of any such change We may at Our absolute discretion
(i)	continue to provide cover under the appropriate Section on the same terms
(ii)	restrict the cover provided by the Section
(iii)	impose additional terms
(iv)	alter the premium
(v)	cancel the Section and or the policy

If You fail to notify Us of any such change We may at Our absolute discretion

(i)	treat the appropriate Section and the Policy as if it had come to an end as at the date of the alteration of the risk returning a proportionate amount of the premium for the unexpired Period of Insurance if We would have cancelled the Section and the Policy had We known of the increase in risk
(ii)	treat the Section and the Policy as if it had contained such terms other than relating to premium or other restrictions from the date of change in risk as We would have applied had We known of the increase in risk
 
(iii)	reduce proportionately the amount paid or payable on any claim the proportion for which We are liable being calculated by comparing the premium actually charged as a percentage of the premium which We would have charged had We known of the increase in risk

Claims Procedure
If in relation to any claim You have failed to fulfil any of the following conditions You will lose Your right to indemnity or payment
for that claim
1. You notify Us as soon as is reasonably practicable where you have knowledge of any event occurrence prosecution inquest or inquiry which may result in a claim regardless of Excess
2. You pass to Us as soon as is reasonably practicable every letter claim writ summons and process received in connection with any claim
3. You must notify the police as soon as is reasonably practicable of Damage caused by malicious persons or thieves
4. You at Your expense provide Us with a written claim containing as much information as possible of the accident Damage or Injury including the amount of the claim within
a. 30 days of Your becoming aware of the event or occurrence
b. 7 days in the case of Damage caused by riot civil commotion strikers locked out workers persons taking part in labour disturbances or malicious persons
or such further time that We may allow
5. You must provide Us with all information and help We require in respect of the claim
6. You must pass to Us unanswered immediately all communications from third parties in relation to any event which may result in a claim under this Policy
7. You do not admit or repudiate liability nor offer to settle compromise make payment which may result in a claim or
pay any claim under this Policy without Our written agreement
8. You will carry out or permit to be taken any action which may be reasonably practicable to prevent or minimise loss and/or interruption of the Business and to prevent further accident Damage or Injury
9. We will be entitled at any time and at Our discretion if Damage occurs which may lead to a claim to
a.	enter or take possession of the building or Premises
b.	take possession of or require to be delivered to Us Property Insured which We will deal with in a reasonable manner
c.	take over and conduct in Your name the defence or settlement of any claim or to prosecute any claim in Your name for Your benefit and have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings and in the settlement of any claim
without incurring liability or reducing Our rights
10. We will not pay for loss destruction or Damage or provide cover under Legal Liabilities Section if You or anyone acting on Your behalf
a.	do not comply with Our requirements
b.	hinder or obstruct Us
You are not entitled to abandon Property to Us


Contribution
Applicable to the Legal Liabilities Section
1. If the insurance provided by these sections is also covered by another policy (or would but for the existence of these sections) We will only indemnify You in respect of any excess beyond the amount which would be payable under such other insurance had these sections not been effected
Applicable to all other Sections insured by this Policy
2. Where any loss destruction Damage or liability covered by the Policy is also covered by another policy (or would be but for the existence of this Policy) We will only pay a rateable share of the loss
3. 

Paragraph 8
If the other insurance is subject to a condition of average and this Policy is not this Policy will be become subject to the same condition of average
4. If the Property Insured covered by the other insurance is subject to a provision excluding proportional payment in whole or part the payment We make will be limited to the proportion of loss destruction or Damage as the Sum
 
Insured bears to the value of the Property


Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
A person or company who was not a party to this Policy has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Policy but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from that Act

Discharge of Liability
We may at any time pay
1.	the Limit of Liability or the Limit of Indemnity or
2.	the Sum Insured or
3.	a smaller amount for which a claim can be settled after deduction of any sum already paid We will not make any further payments except for costs and expenses incurred prior to the payment of the claim

Fraud
If You or anyone acting on Your behalf to obtain a benefit under this Policy
1.	makes any false or fraudulent claim
2.	makes any exaggerated claim
3.	supports a claim by false or fraudulent documents devices or statements whether or not the claim is itself genuine
4.	makes a claim for loss or damage which You or anyone acting on Your behalf deliberately caused We will
(a)	refuse to pay the whole of the claim and
(b)	recover from You any sums that We have already paid in respect of the claim

We will also notify You if We will be treating the Policy as having terminated with effect from the date of any acts set out in 1-4
above
In that event You will
-	have no cover under the Policy from the date of the termination and
-	not be entitled to any refund of premium


Identification
This Policy is a legal contract between You and Us and designed to be as easy to understand as possible You must make a fair presentation of the risk to Us at inception renewal and variation of the Policy

Your Proposal the Schedule Your Policy and any Endorsements shall be considered as one legal document
It is important that You read all Your documents carefully and let Your insurance agent know immediately if the insurance does not meet Your requirements or if any information is inaccurate or incomplete If any changes are required this may result in changes to the terms and conditions of the Policy or a refusal to provide cover

Index Linking
Whenever a Sum Insured is declared to be subject to Index Linking it is adjusted at monthly intervals in accordance with appropriate indices as decided by Us
At each renewal the premium will be adjusted to apply to the Sum Insured which then pertains and We waive all rights to additional premium arising solely out of such index adjustments prior to renewal

Interest Clause
The interests of third parties which You are required to include on this Policy under the terms of any mortgage property lease or hiring leasing or hire purchase agreement are automatically noted subject to You advising Us as soon as is reasonably practicable

Fair Presentation of the Risk
We are keen to work in partnership with You and avoid any misunderstandings
 
1. You must make a fair presentation of the risk to Us at inception renewal and variation of the Policy Should You be in any doubt as to whether information should be presented to Us You must
-	discuss it with Your insurance agent or
-	disclose it to Us

2. We may at Our absolute discretion avoid the Policy and refuse to pay any claims where any failure to make a fair presentation is
(a)	deliberate or reckless or
(b)	of such other nature that if You had made a fair presentation We would not have issued the Policy We will return the premium paid by You unless the failure to make a fair presentation is deliberate or reckless

3. If We would have issued the Policy on different terms had You made a fair presentation We will not avoid the
Policy except where the failure is deliberate or reckless but We may instead at Our absolute discretion
(a)	reduce proportionately the amount paid or payable on any claim the proportion for which We are liable being calculated by comparing the premium actually charged as a percentage of the premium which We would have charged had You made a fair presentation and or
(b)	treat the Policy as if it had included such additional terms other than those requiring payment of the premium as We would have imposed had You made a fair presentation

For the purposes of this condition references to
(i)	avoiding a Policy means treating the Policy as if it had not existed from the inception date (where the failure to make a fair presentation of the risk occurs before the inception of the Policy) the renewal date (where the failure occurs at renewal of the Policy) or the date of change (where the failure occurs when the Policy is changed)
(ii)	refunds of premium should be treated as refunds of premium back to the inception date renewal date or date of change as the context requires
(iii)	issuing a Policy should be treated as the references to issuing the Policy at inception renewing or change of the Policy as the context requires
(iv)	premium should be treated as the premium payable for the particular contract of insurance which is subject to this condition where there is more than one contract of insurance

Reasonable Care
If in relation to any claim You have failed to fulfil any of the following conditions You will lose Your right to indemnity or payment
for that claim You must
1.	take all reasonable precautions to prevent or minimise any circumstance or to cease any activity which may cause accident Damage or Injury
2.	maintain the Premises machinery plant and equipment and furnishings in a good state of repair
3.	exercise care in the selection and supervision of Employees
4.	comply with all relevant statutory requirements manufacturers recommendations and other regulations relating to the use inspection and safety of Property and the safety of persons
5.	make good or remedy any defect or danger which becomes apparent and take such additional precautions as the circumstances may require

Reinstatement
When We decide or are required to reinstate or replace any Property You will at Your expense provide
1.	plans
2.	documents
3.	books
4.	information which We require

We will not be obliged to reinstate Property exactly but only in a satisfactory manner as circumstances allow The maximum amount We will pay in respect of one item is the Sum Insured
 

 
Sanction Limitation and Exclusion
We shall not be liable to pay any claim or provide any benefit under any insurance cover or extension to the extent that the provision of such cover, payment of such claim or provision of such benefit would expose Us to any sanction, prohibition or restriction under United Nations resolutions or the trade or economic sanctions, laws or regulations of the European Union, United Kingdom or United States of America. Language
The contractual terms conditions exclusions and other information relating to this Policy will be in the English language


Subrogation
Anyone making a claim under this Policy must at Our request and expense do everything We reasonably require to
1.	enforce a right or remedy or
2.	obtain relief or indemnity
from other parties to which We will become entitled or subrogated because of payment for or making good accident Damage or Injury We may require You to carry out such actions before or after We make any admission of or payment of a claim

Unoccupancy
Whenever a building or portion of a building becomes Unoccupied You must
1.	tell Us immediately if any building or part of any building becomes Unoccupied
We shall have the right to change the terms and conditions of the Policy and You must action any risk improvement measures that We require within the agreed timescales and pay any additional premium if required
2.	ensure all services are turned off at the mains except electricity where needed to maintain any fire or intruder alarm system in operation and the water and heating system drained (and wherever possible chain and padlock the isolation valves)
You must at Our request provide any bills for any utilities being supplied to the Premises at the time of any
Damage resulting from escape of water for verification by Us
3.	carry out at least weekly internal and external inspections of the Premises and
a.	maintain a weekly log of such inspections
b.	as soon as possible repair or arrange to be repaired any defects found
4.	ensure that the Premises are adequately secured against unauthorised entry including the sealing of any letterboxes and openings
5.	remove any accumulations of combustible materials such as junk mail and newspapers during each inspection of the Premises
6.	advise Us immediately if the buildings are to be occupied by contractors for renovation alteration or conversion purposes or if the buildings are to become occupied or used
 
General Exceptions
Each Section of the Policy contains exceptions and must be read in conjunction with the following General Exceptions which apply to all Sections unless otherwise stated

This Policy does not cover


Nuclear Risks
Damage to any Property whatsoever or any loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss or any legal liability of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from
1.	ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel
2.	the radioactive toxic explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof

Subject to indemnity under the Employers Liability Sub-Section as far as concerns Injury caused to any of Your Employees if such Injury arises out of and in the course of employment or engagement of such person by You this General Exception shall only apply
a.	in respect of liability of any Principal
b.	liability assumed by You under agreement and which would not have attached in the absence of such agreement


War Government Action and Terrorism
1. Damage to any Property whatsoever or any loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from
a. War Government Action or Terrorism
b.	civil commotion in Northern Ireland
2.	legal liability of whatsoever nature or any costs or expenses whatsoever directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from War Government Action or Terrorism except to the extent stated in the Liability Provisions

For the purpose of this General Exception and its Liability Provisions –
War shall mean war invasion acts of foreign enemies hostilities or warlike operations (whether war be declared or not) civil war mutiny civil commotion assuming the proportions of or amounting to popular rising military rising insurrection rebellion revolution or military or usurped power

Government Action shall mean martial law confiscation nationalisation requisition or destruction of Property by or under the order of any government or public or local authority or any action taken in controlling preventing suppressing or in any way relating to War

Terrorism shall mean any act(s) of any person(s) or organisation(s) involving
1.	the causing occasioning or threatening of harm of whatever nature and by whatever means
2.	putting the public or any section of the public in fear
in circumstances in which it is reasonable to conclude that the purpose(s) of the person(s) or organisation(s) are wholly or partly of a political religious ideological or similar nature

In any action suit or other proceedings where We allege that by reason of this Exception as far as it relates to Terrorism any Damage or resulting loss or expense or consequential loss is not covered by this insurance the burden of proving that such Damage loss expense or consequential loss is covered shall be upon You

Liability Provisions
Subject otherwise to the terms definitions exclusions exceptions provisions and conditions of this Policy and its Legal
Liabilities Section

1. We will indemnify You under the Employers Liability Sub-Section provided that in respect of any one
 
claim or series of claims arising out of any one original event Our liability in respect of all legal liability costs and expenses directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from Terrorism shall not exceed £5,000,000
2. We will indemnify You under the Property Owners Liability Sub-Section against legal liability costs and expenses directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from Terrorism provided that Our liability for all damages (including interest thereon) shall not exceed
a.	in respect of or arising out of any one event or all events of a series consequent upon one original cause
£2,000,000 or the amount of the Property Owners Liability Sub-Section Indemnity limit stated in the Schedule whichever is the lower but in respect of Products Supplied this limitation shall apply to all insured events occurring in any one Period of Insurance
b.	in respect of all Pollution or Contamination consequent upon Terrorism and which is deemed to have occurred during any one Period of Insurance £2,000,000 in the aggregate or the amount of the Property Owners Liability Sub-Section indemnity limit stated in the Schedule whichever is the lower

Pollution and Contamination
(Applicable to Property Damage Equipment Breakdown Loss of Rental Income Sections) Damage or Loss of Rental Income caused by or arising from pollution or contamination except (unless otherwise excluded) Damage to the Property Insured caused by
1.	pollution or contamination which itself results from fire lightning explosion aircraft or other aerial devices or articles dropped therefrom riot civil commotion strikers locked-out workers malicious persons other than thieves earthquake storm flood bursting overflowing discharging or leaking of water tanks apparatus or pipes sprinkler leakage or impact by any vehicle or animal
2.	any of the Contingencies in (1) above which itself results from pollution or contamination


Date Recognition
(Not applicable to Employers Liability Sub-Section)
Damage accident or liability directly or indirectly caused by or consisting of or arising from the failure of any computer data processing equipment or media microchip integrated circuit or similar device or other equipment or system for processing storing or receiving data or any computer software whether Your *Property or not and whether occurring before during or after the year 2000
1.	correctly to recognise any date as its true calendar date
2.	to capture save or retain and/or correctly to manipulate interpret or process any data or information or command or instruction as a result of treating any date otherwise than as its true calendar date
3.	to capture save retain or correctly to process any data as a result of the operation of any command which has been programmed into any computer software being a command which causes the loss of data or the inability to capture save retain or to correctly process such data on or after any date

In respect of Property Damage Equipment Breakdown Loss of Rental Income Sections this General Exclusion shall not exclude subsequent Damage not otherwise excluded which itself results from fire lightning explosion aircraft or other aerial devices or articles dropped therefrom riot civil commotion strikers locked-out workers persons taking part in labour
disturbances malicious persons other than thieves earthquake storm flood escape of water from any tank apparatus or pipe
theft or impact by any vehicle or animal


Sonic Bangs
Damage caused by pressure waves caused by aircraft or other aerial devices travelling at sonic or supersonic speeds


Computer Virus and Hacking
1. Damage to any computer or other equipment or component or system or item which processes stores transmits or retrieves data or any part thereof whether tangible or intangible (including but without limitation any information or programs or software) and whether Your Property or not where such Damage is caused by Virus or Similar Mechanism or Hacking
2.	financial loss directly or indirectly caused by or arising from Virus or Similar Mechanism or Hacking
 
but this shall not exclude Damage or financial loss which is not otherwise excluded from this Policy and which results from fire lightning explosion earthquake aircraft or other aerial devices or articles dropped therefrom riot civil commotion strikes labour disturbances malicious persons (including the acts of thieves but excluding the acts of malicious persons which do not involve physical force or violence) storm flood escape of water or oil from any tank apparatus or pipe impact by any vehicle or animal

For the purpose of this Exception
Virus or Similar Mechanism shall mean program code programming instruction or any set of instructions intentionally constructed with the ability to Damage interfere with or otherwise adversely affect computer programs data files or operations whether involving self-replication or not The definition of Virus or Similar Mechanism includes but is not limited to trojan horses worms and logic bombs

Hacking shall mean unauthorised access to any computer or other equipment or component or system or item which processes stores transmits or retrieves data whether Your Property or not
 
Property Damage Section
Definitions
The following Definitions apply to this Section and shall keep the same meaning wherever they appear in the Section they should also be read in conjunction with the General Definitions at the start of the Policy

Excess/Excesses
The amount or amounts shown in Your Policy or the Schedule which We will deduct from each and every claim at each
separate location and will be deducted after the application of General Conditions Average. You will repay any such amount paid by Us. Property Insured
Property Insured as detailed in the Schedule


Property Insured
Buildings
1.	private dwellings including foundations
2.	landlord’s permanent fixtures and fittings including but not limited to lifts and other plant and machinery attached
to and forming part of the building
3.	domestic outbuildings and garages
4.	walls gates fences
5.	telephone gas electricity water drainage and sewers electrical instruments meters piping cabling and the accessories thereto providing services to or from the buildings and extending to the public mains but only to the extent of Your responsibility
6.	car parks roads pavements forecourts and similar surfaces all constructed of solid materials
7.	fixed glass or polycarbonate substitutes including mirrors fixed glass in furniture plate glass tops ceramic hobs solar glass heating panels double glazed units intruder alarm foils and fixed sanitary ware
all being Your Property or for which You are responsible as owner of the building and situate at the Premises as detailed in the Schedule

Landlords Contents and Contents of Communal Parts
Furniture and furnishings contained in the communal areas and/or let portions of Buildings belonging to You and for which You are responsible as landlord up to a limit of £10,000 per Premises unless stated otherwise in the Schedule but excluding
1.	curios works of art antiques sculptures or rare books
2.	valuables personal effects and clothing
3. Money
4. Property more specifically insured


Residential Contents
Furniture furnishings carpets television video and audio equipment and other household goods in the Premises owned by You or for which You are legally responsible but excluding
1.	curios works of art antiques sculptures or rare books
2.	valuables personal effects and clothing
3. 

Paragraph 13
We will indemnify You for costs incurred in reinstating data lost or damaged in consequence of an Accident to or
Derangement of Computer Equipment
Our liability shall not exceed £50,000 for any one Accident Provided that
a.	liability is limited solely to the cost of reinstating data onto Media
b. We will not indemnify You for Damage to software
2. In addition We will pay reasonable costs necessarily incurred in minimising or preventing the resulting interruption or interference to Your computer operations Our total liability shall not exceed £50,000 any one Accident in respect of such additional costs

Business Interruption
Provided that the Loss of Rental Income Section of this Policy is operative We shall be liable for financial loss caused by or resulting from an Accident to Covered Equipment

Our liability in any one Period of Insurance shall not exceed £100,000 under this extension

Provided that:
We shall not be liable under this extension for any loss resulting from Damage to Own Surrounding Property


Public Authorities/Law or Ordinance
If an Accident to Covered Equipment damages a building that is covered under this Policy and the loss is increased by enforcement of any public authority ordinance or law in force at the time of the Accident that regulates the construction or repair of buildings or establishes zoning or land use requirements We shall indemnify You for the following additional costs to comply with such ordinance or law
1. Your actual expenditures for the cost to demolish and clear the site of undamaged parts
2. Your actual expenditures for increased costs to repair rebuild or construct the building If the building is repaired or rebuilt it must be intended for similar use or occupancy as the current building unless otherwise required by zoning or land use ordinance or law

We will not indemnify You for
a.	any fine
b.	any liability to a third party
c.	any increase in loss due to a Hazardous Substance (other than as specifically insured under Hazardous
Substances Extension) or
d.	increased construction costs until the building is actually repaired or replaced

This additional coverage is within and does not increase the Limit of Indemnity shown in the Schedule


Expediting Expenses
With respect to damaged Covered Equipment We shall indemnify You for the reasonable extra cost to make temporary repairs
and expedite permanent repairs or permanent replacement

The maximum We shall pay in respect of this Extension shall be £20,000 any one Accident
 
Hire of Substitute Item
If Covered Equipment is damaged as a result of an Accident We will also indemnify You against the cost of hire charges actually incurred by You during the Period of Insurance for the necessary hire of a substitute item of similar type and capacity during the period of repair or until permanent replacement of the item lost or Damaged

The maximum We will pay in respect of this Extension shall be £10,000 any one Accident


Storage Tanks and Loss of Contents
The insurance under this Section extends to include damage caused by an Accident to oil storage tanks or water tanks including connected pipework belonging to You or for which You are responsible at the Premises
In addition this Extension covers loss of the contents of oil storage tanks caused by
1.	escape of contents - leakage discharge or overflow from the oil storage tanks caused by or resulting from an
Accident
2.	contamination - contamination of the contents of the oil storage tanks caused by or resulting from an Accident including cleaning costs incurred as a result of such loss

The maximum We will pay in respect of any one Accident of series of Accidents arising out of one occurrence shall be £10,000


Damage to Own Surrounding Property
We will pay for damage to Property at the Premises belonging to You or in Your custody and control and for which You are
responsible directly resulting from the Explosion or Collapse of any Covered Equipment operating under steam pressure

Our liability shall not exceed £1,000,000 any one Accident


Additional Access Costs
Provided that that Loss of Rental Income Section of this Policy is operative We will be liable under this extension for any
necessary additional costs incurred in order to gain access to repair or replace the Covered Equipment following an Accident

Our liability shall not exceed £20,000 any one Accident


Debris Removal
We shall be liable under this extension for costs incurred in the removal of debris and protection of Covered Equipment
following an Accident

Our liability shall not exceed £25,000 any one Accident


Repair Costs Investigation
With Our prior written agreement We will pay costs relating to repair investigations and tests by consulting engineers for
damage to Covered Equipment following an Accident for an amount not exceeding £25,000 for any one Accident

We shall not be liable under this extension for fees incurred in preparing a claim under this Policy


Hired In Plant Extension
We will indemnify You in respect of plant hired by You against Your legal liability under the terms of the hiring agreement to pay
1.	for physical loss of or damage to the plant
2.	continuing hiring charges for the plant following Damage insured under 1. Whilst the plant is at any Premises stated in the Policy Schedule and whilst in transit (other than by sea or air) from one Premises to another

The maximum We will pay in any one Period of Insurance is £20,000
 
Provided that:
Where legal proceedings have been initiated against You with respect to an indemnifiable incident under this extension We will
with Our written consent pay all legal expenses actually incurred by You


Extension Conditions


Hiring Conditions
The insurance provided by this extension will indemnify You to the extent required by
1.	the Model Conditions for the hiring of Plant recommended by the Construction Plant-hire Association or the
Scottish Plant Owners Association or conditions not more onerous or;
2.	specific conditions agreed by Us in writing and enclosed hereon

In the event of a loss involving hire conditions more onerous than those covered by this extension the indemnity provided will be limited to the liability under 1. or 2. above as applicable

Multiple Lifting Operations
For the insurance provided under this extension to be operative during any operation in which a load is shared between any items of lifting plant or lifting equipment (whether insured by this extension or not) the lifting operation must be conducted in accordance with BS7121

Special Exclusions


Hire Purchase or Free Loan
Physical loss of or damage to any Property on free loan or hire purchase to You


Road Vehicles
Loss of or damage to
1.	licensed cars lorries vans trucks or other road vehicles which are not used in circumstances requiring insurance
under any road traffic legislation (other than contractors plant as a tool of trade)
2.	quad bikes or motorcycles


Unexplained Losses
Unaccountable losses or losses discovered on the occasion of checks or inventories unless You can produce reasonable proof
that such losses are as a result of an identifiable incident

Loss of use of the Property insured by this extension or consequential loss of any kind


Conditions
Basis of Claims Settlement
As described in the Property Damage and Loss of Rental Income Sections of this Policy


Precautions
You shall exercise due diligence in
1.	complying with any statute or order
2.	ensuring that insured items are properly maintained and used in accordance with manufacturers recommendations and in taking reasonable precautions to prevent Damage
 
Back Up Records
You shall maintain a minimum of 2 generations of Verified back-up computer records taken at intervals no less frequently than
48 hours and take all reasonable precautions to store and maintain records in accordance with the makers recommendations


Exceptions
We will not be liable for Damage caused by or resulting from
1.	a hydrostatic pneumatic or gas pressure test of any boiler or pressure vessel or an insulation breakdown test of any type of electrical equipment
2.	any programming error programming limitation computer virus malicious code loss of data (other than as specifically provided for under Computer Equipment Reinstatement of Data and Increased Costs of Working Extension) loss of access loss of use or loss of functionality

We will not be liable for Damage caused by
3.	depletion deterioration corrosion erosion wear and tear or other gradually developing conditions
4.	any condition that can be corrected by resetting calibrating realigning tightening adjusting or cleaning or by the performance of maintenance
but if Damage from an Accident results We will be liable for that resulting Damage

We will not be liable for Damage recoverable
5.	under the maintenance agreement or any warranty or guarantee
 
Legal Liabilities Section
Section Definitions
The following Definitions apply to this Section and shall keep the same meaning wherever they appear in the Section they should also be read in conjunction with the General Definitions at the start of the Policy

Asbestos
Crocidolite amosite chrysotile fibrous actinolite fibrous anthophyllite or fibrous tremolite or any mixture containing any of those materials fibres or particles of Asbestos or any material containing Asbestos or Asbestos dust

Costs and Expenses
Costs and Expenses shall be deemed to mean
1.	costs and expenses of claimants for which You are legally liable and which may be the subject of indemnity under this Section
2.	other costs and expenses incurred with Our written consent in respect of any claim which may be the subject of indemnity under this Section
3.	legal costs and expenses incurred with Our written consent for representation by You at
a.	any proceedings brought in any court arising out of any alleged breach of a statutory duty resulting in Injury
b.	any coroners inquest or inquiry in respect of any death which may be the subject of indemnity under this Section

Compensation
Damages including interest


Damage
Physical loss destruction or damage


Event
Any accident or occurrence including continuous or repeated exposure to substantially the same general conditions which results during the Period of Insurance in Injury or Damage to Property All Events or series of Events consequent on one cause shall be regarded as one Event for the purposes of this Policy

Limit of Indemnity
The limit as specified in the Schedule

In respect of Products supplied the limit of Indemnity will apply to the total of all events happening in any one Period of Insurance

Offshore
From the time of embarkation onto a conveyance at the point of final departure from land to any offshore rig or any offshore platform whilst on any offshore rig or offshore platform and until such time of disembarkation from a conveyance onto land upon return from any offshore rig or offshore platform

Product Supplied
Any product or thing including packaging containers instructions and labels sold supplied erected repaired altered treated installed processed manufactured tested serviced hired out stored transported or delivered by or through You in the course of the Business within the Territorial Limits

Territorial Limits
1.	anywhere within Great Britain Northern Ireland the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands other than Offshore
 
2.	elsewhere in the world (other than the United States of America or Canada or Offshore) for temporary visits by non- manual Employees in connection with the Business undertaken by You or any of Your directors or Employees normally resident in (1) above
3.	elsewhere in the world in respect of any Product Supplied (other than those to Your knowledge) to the United
States of America or Canada)

Employers Liability Sub-Section
Cover
We will indemnify You against all sums that You become legally liable to pay as Compensation including Costs and Expenses in respect of Injury sustained by any Employee caused during the Period of Insurance within the Territorial Limits and arising out of employment by You in the course of the Business

Limit of Indemnity
Our liability for Compensation and Costs and Expenses payable under this Sub-Section in respect of any claim or series of
claims against You as a result of or arising out of one Event shall not exceed the Limit of Indemnity


Right of Recovery
The indemnity provided under this Sub-Section is deemed to be in accordance with the provisions of any law relating to compulsory insurance of liability to Employees in Great Britain Northern Island the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man You must repay to Us all sums paid by Us that We would not have been liable to pay but for the provisions of such law

Extensions to this Sub-Section
The following Section Extensions shall apply subject to all other terms conditions limits and exceptions of this Policy


Unsatisfied Court Judgments
This Sub-Section extends to include the following
In the event of Injury sustained by any Employee caused during the Period of Insurance within the Territorial Limits and arising out of employment by You in the course of the Business which results in a judgment for Compensation being obtained by the Employee or the personal representatives of the Employee and which remains unsatisfied in whole or part six months after the date of such judgment We will at Your request pay to the Employee or the personal representatives of the Employee the amount of any such Compensation and any costs awarded to the Employee or the personal representatives of the Employee to the extent that they remain unsatisfied provided that
1.	the judgment for Compensation is obtained
a.	in a court of law within Great Britain Northern Island the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man
b.	against a company partnership or individual other than You conducting a business at or from premises within the territories described in (a) above
2.	there is no appeal outstanding
3.	if any payment is made under the terms of this Extension the Employee or the personal representatives of the Employee must assign the judgment to Us

Exceptions to this Sub-Section
The following exceptions apply to this Sub-Section and should be read in conjunction with the General Exceptions


Vehicles
We will not provide indemnity in respect of any legal liability for which compulsory motor insurance or security is required in
accordance with any road traffic legislation within the European Union
 
Property Owners Liability Sub-Section
Cover
We will indemnify You against all sums that You become legally liable to pay as Compensation including Costs and Expenses
in respect of
1.	accidental Injury to any person
2.	accidental Damage of or to Property
3.	accidental nuisance or trespass obstruction loss of amenities or interference with any right of way light air or water
and occurring during the Period of Insurance within the Territorial Limits in connection with the Business


Limit of Indemnity
Our liability for Compensation and Costs and Expenses payable under this Sub-Section in respect of any claim or series of
claims against You as a result of or arising out of one Event shall not exceed the Limit of Indemnity


Extensions to this Sub-Section
The following Sub-Section Extensions shall apply subject to all other terms conditions limits and exceptions of this Policy


Contingent Motor Liability
Notwithstanding Exception (4) of this Sub-Section We will indemnify You in respect of legal liability arising out of the use in the course of the Business of any motor vehicle not belonging to or provided by You anywhere in Great Britain Northern Ireland the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man provided that this indemnity shall not apply
1.	in respect of Damage to the vehicle or to any Property conveyed therein
2.	whilst the vehicle is being driven by You or any person with Your general consent who to Your knowledge or any one on Your behalf does not hold a licence to drive such vehicle unless such person has held and is not disqualified from holding or obtaining such a licence
3.	in respect of which You are entitled to indemnity under any other insurance
4.	in respect of liability arising from circumstances in which it is compulsory for You to insure or provide security in
respect of such vehicles as a requirement of relevant road traffic legislation


Damage to Leased or Rented Premises
Notwithstanding Exception (2) of this Sub-Section We will indemnify You in respect of legal liability for Damage to premises (or
fixtures or fittings thereof) hired or rented to You provided that this extension shall not apply to liability in respect of
1.	legal liability arising under agreement unless legal liability would have attached to You in the absence of such agreement
2.	the first £500 in respect of any claim caused otherwise than by fire or explosion


Data Protection Legislation
We will indemnify You and at Your request any of Your directors or partners or Employees against all sums which You or any of Your directors or partners or Employees become(s) legally liable to pay as Compensation together with Costs and Expenses under Section 13 of the Data Protection Act 1998 or any subsequent overriding legislation incurred in connection with the Business during the Period of Insurance provided that You are
1.	a registered user in accordance with the terms of the Act or any subsequent overriding legislation
2.	not in Business as a computer bureau

The total amount payable including all Costs and Expenses under this Extension in the aggregate any one Period of Insurance
is limited to £250,000

The indemnity provided by this Extension shall not apply to
 
a.	legal liability caused by any deliberate act or omission by You the result of which could reasonably have been expected by You having regard to the nature and circumstances of such act or omission
b.	legal liability caused by any act of fraud or dishonesty
c.	the Costs and Expenses of rectifying rewriting or erasing data
d.	legal liability arising from the recording processing or provision of data for reward or to determine the financial
status of any person
e.	the payment of fines or penalties
f.	claims which arise out of circumstances notified to previous insurers or known to You at inception of this Policy
g.	legal liability where indemnity is provided by any other insurance


Defective Premises Act
We will indemnify You in respect of legal liability in respect of accidental Injury or accidental Damage to Property incurred by virtue of Section 3 of the Defective Premises Act 1972 or of Section 5 of the Defective Premises (Northern Ireland) Order 1975 provided that
1.	such liability is not otherwise insured
2. We will not be liable in respect of
a. Damage to that part of such premises on which You or anyone on Your behalf has worked if such Damage directly results from such work
b.	the cost of remedying any defect or alleged defect in the Premises disposed of by You


Employees and Visitors Personal Belongings
Notwithstanding Exception (2) of this Sub-Section We will indemnify You in respect of legal liability for accidental Damage to the vehicles and personal belongings of Your directors partners Employees and visitors which are in Your custody or control

We will not provide indemnity where this Property is
1.	loaned leased hired or rented to You
2.	stored for a fee or other consideration
3.	in Your custody or control for the purposes of being worked upon


Indemnity to Managing Agents
Cover under this Sub-Section is extended to include Your managing agent in respect of any Premises owned but not occupied
by You
We will not pursue subrogation rights against Your managing agents


Overseas Personal Liability
We will indemnify You and if You so request any of Your directors partners or Employees or spouse or civil partner of such person against legal liability incurred in a personal capacity whilst temporarily outside Great Britain Northern Ireland the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man but excluding the United States of America or Canada in connection with the Business

The indemnity will not apply to legal liability
1.	arising out of the ownership or occupation of land or buildings
2.	in respect of which any person referred to above is entitled to indemnity under any other insurance


Exceptions to this Sub-Section
The following exceptions apply to this Sub-Section and should be read in conjunction with the General Exceptions

We will not indemnify You against legal liability in respect of
1. Injury to any Employee
2. Damage to Property belonging to You held in trust by You or in Your custody or control or which is leased let rented hired or lent to You
 
3. Damage to any Property
a.	comprising or to be incorporated in the contract works in respect of any contract undertaken by You
b.	which requires to be insured under the terms of Clause 21.2.1 of Standard Form of Building Contract issued by the Joint Contracts Tribunal or a clause of similar intent under other contract conditions
4.	the costs of remedying any defect or alleged defect in land or Premises sold or disposed of by You or for any reduction in value thereof
5. Damage to any Product Supplied or for the costs of recall removal repair alteration replacement or reinstatement of such Product Supplied caused by any defect therein or the unsuitability thereof for its intended purpose
6.	the ownership possession or use by You or on Your behalf of any mechanically propelled motor vehicles or mobile plant
a.	which is licenced for road use
b.	for which compulsory motor insurance or security is required
c.	which is more specifically insured
Provided always that this exception will not apply in respect of
i.	liability arising during the act of loading or unloading any mechanically propelled motor vehicle or mobile plant or the bringing to or the taking away of a load from such vehicle
ii. the authorised movement on Your Premises of any mechanically propelled motor vehicle or mobile plant
unless more specifically insured or unless compulsory motor insurance or security is required
7.	the ownership possession or use by You or on Your behalf of any craft designed to travel through air or space hovercraft or waterborne vessels other than hand propelled watercraft
8.	any advice instruction consultancy inspection certification testing treatment design formula or specification performed or provided by You or on Your behalf for a fee under a separate contract or in circumstances where a fee would normally be charged
9.	professional services rendered
10.	the Excess shown in the Schedule in respect of each and every claim for Damage to Property
11.	any liquidated damages fine or penalty
12.	punitive exemplary aggravated or restitutionary damages or any additional damages resulting from the multiplication of compensatory damages
13.	any Product Supplied which is in Your custody or control
14.	any Product Supplied which to Your knowledge is for use in or on any aircraft missile or for aviation or aerospatial purposes or for the safety or navigation of marine craft of any sort

Exceptions applicable to Legal Liabilities Section
The following exceptions apply to this Section and should be read in conjunction with the General Exceptions


Asbestos
We will not provide indemnity in respect of
1.	exposure to
2.	inhalation of
3.	fears of the consequences of exposure to or inhalation of
4.	the costs incurred by anyone in repairing removing replacing recalling rectifying reinstating or managing (including those of any persons under any statutory duty to manage) any Property arising out of the presence of
Asbestos Asbestos Dust or Asbestos Containing Materials

Except in respect of the Employers Liability Sub-Section to the extent that it is necessary to comply with the minimum requirements of the law within Great Britain Northern Ireland the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands relating to compulsory insurance of liability to Employees

Pollution or Contamination (applicable to Property Owners Liability Sub-Section)
We will not indemnify You in respect of Pollution or Contamination
 
1.	occurring in the United States of America or Canada or dependency or trust territory
2.	occurring elsewhere unless caused by a sudden identifiable unintentional and unexpected incident which takes place in its entirety at specific moment in time and place during the Period of Insurance
All Pollution or Contamination which arises out of one event shall be deemed to have occurred at the time such event takes
place

Our liability for all Compensation together with Costs and Expenses payable in respect of all Pollution or Contamination which is deemed to have occurred during the Period of Insurance will not exceed in the aggregate the Limit of Indemnity shown in the Schedule in respect of any Sub-Section of this Section

For the purpose of this exclusion and limitation ‘Pollution or Contamination’ shall be deemed to mean
a.	all pollution or contamination of buildings or other structures or of water or land or the atmosphere and
b.	all loss or Damage to Property or Injury directly or indirectly caused by such pollution or contamination


Liability under Contract or Agreement
We shall not indemnify You against liability which is assumed by You by agreement unless such liability would have attached in the absence of such agreement

Vehicles
We will not provide indemnity in respect of any legal liability for which compulsory motor insurance or security is required in
accordance with any road traffic legislation within the European Union
 
Landlords’ Legal Expenses and Rent Indemnity Section
Definitions
The following Definitions apply to this Section and shall keep the same meaning wherever they appear in the Section. They should also be read in conjunction with the General Definitions at the start of the Policy

Appointed Advisor
The solicitor or other advisor appointed by Us to act on Your behalf


Legal Costs and Expenses
1. Reasonable legal costs fees and disbursements reasonably and proportionately incurred by the Appointed Advisor on the standard basis and agreed in advance by Us The term “standard basis” can be found within the Courts’ Civil Procedure Rules Part 44
2. 

Paragraph 14
Other side’s costs incurred in civil claims where You have been ordered to pay them or pays them with Our agreement
except if You are prosecuted
3. Rent indemnity payments as described under Insured Event B – Rent Indemnity


Limit of Indemnity
As specified in the Policy Schedule


Reasonable Prospects of Success
1. Other than as set out in 2. and 3. below a greater than 50% chance of successfully pursuing or defending Your claim against another person If You are seeking damages or compensation there must also be a greater than 50% chance of enforcing any Judgment that might be obtained
2. In criminal prosecution claims where You
a.	plead guilty where there is a greater than 50% chance of successfully mitigating Your sentence or fine or
b.	plead not guilty where there is a greater than 50% chance of that plea being accepted by the court
3. In all claims involving an appeal where You have a greater than 50% chance of being successful


Residential Property
The Residential Property shown in Your Schedule and which is located in England, Wales or Scotland


Small Claims Court
A court in England & Wales that hears a claim falling under the Small Claims Track in the County Court as defined by Section
26.6 (1) of the Civil Procedure Rules 1999 a court in Scotland where that uses the small claims procedure as set out by the Act of Sederunt (Small Claims) Rules 2002

Tenancy Agreement
An agreement to let Your Residential Property
1.	under an assured shorthold tenancy or
2.	under a shorthold tenancy or
3.	under an assured tenancy

as defined by the Housing Act 1988 as amended by the Housing Act 1996 and the Assured Tenancies (Amendment) (England)
Order 2010 or the Housing (Scotland) Act or
4.	to a limited company or business partnership for residential purposes by its Employees
5.	where You live at Your Residential Property and have one or two written licence agreements(s) which contain(s) a termination clause
 
We/Us/Our
shall extend to include ARAG plc in so far as ARAG acts on Our behalf under a binding authority agreement between the parties

Cover
Following an Insured Event We will pay Your Legal Costs & Expenses up to the Limit of Indemnity for all claims related by time
or originating cause including the cost of appeals provided that
1. You keep to the terms of this Section of the Policy and cooperate fully with Us
2. Your claim
a.	always has Reasonable Prospects of Success
b.	is reported to Us during the Period of Insurance as soon as possible after first becoming aware of circumstances which could give rise to a claim under this Section of the Policy and in relation to rent arrears within 60 days of the rent first becoming due
3.	unless there is a conflict of interest, You agree to use the Appointed Advisor chosen by Us in any claim
a.	falling under the jurisdiction of the Small claims court, and/or
b.	prior to the issue of proceedings
4.	the dispute can be heard by a court
A claim is considered to be reported to Us when We have received Your fully completed claims form and all supporting documentation

Insured Events Covered
A – LEGAL EXPENSES
1. Repossession
Cover to pursue Your legal rights to repossess Your Residential Property that You have let under a Tenancy Agreement
provided You have
a.	demanded rent in writing from Your tenant as soon as it is overdue and can provide evidence of this
b.	given the tenant the correct notices for the repossession of Your Residential Property
c.	a right of repossession under
i. Schedule 2 Part 1 (grounds 1 to 8) or
ii. Schedule 5 Part 1 (grounds 1 to 8) or
iii. Part 1 Section 21 or
iv. Part 2 Section 33

Where the Housing Act 1988 as amended by the Housing Act 1996 the Assured Tenancies (Amendment) (England) Order 2010 or the Housing (Scotland) Act applies to Your Tenancy Agreement
(Visit Our Landlords’ Legal Services website to download notices demanding payment of late rent and Sections 8 and 21 notices with covering letters)

2. Property damage, nuisance and trespass
a. An event which causes visible Damage to Your Residential Property and/or anything owned by You at Your Residential Property provided that in respect of a claim against Your tenant for Damage You have prepared prior to the granting of the tenancy a detailed inventory of the contents and condition of the Residential Property which the tenant has signed
b. A public or private nuisance or a trespass relating to Your Residential Property

What is not insured under Insured Event 2
a. 

Paragraph 15
Damage to Your Residential Property that arises from or relates to a contractual agreement other than a Tenancy Agreement
b.	Trespass by Your tenant or ex-tenant
 
3. Recovery of rent arrears
Pursuit of Your legal right to recover rent due under a Tenancy Agreement for Your Residential Property (Visit Our Landlords’ Legal Services website to download initial letters to tenants regarding rent arrears)

4. Prosecution defence
A prosecution against You that arises from You letting out Your Residential Property


B – RENT INDEMNITY (only operative if shown on the schedule)
Following a claim We have accepted for repossession of Your Residential Property under Insured Event A 1. above, We will pay You any rent owed to You until You gain possession provided that rent first falls into arrears and is reported during the Period of insurance and while the tenant is living at Your Residential Property. Once you have gained possession of Your Residential Property the most We will pay shall be 75% of the monthly rent that was previously payable for a maximum further period of two months provided that You agree to re-let Your Residential Property where an offer equal to or greater than 85% of the preceding rent is offered
You are responsible for the first unpaid month’s rent (which You have collected as a deposit) and after that the maximum rent
We will pay is
a. 5 months for a 6 month policy or
b. 11 months for a 12 month policy


Conditions relating to B – RENT INDEMNITY
You must:
1.	have signed a Tenancy Agreement with each tenant before You allow occupation of the Residential Property
2.	obtain, prior to granting the tenancy a satisfactory reference for the tenant from
a.	a previous managing agent or
b.	previous landlord and
c.	an employer or (other financial source) and
d.	a credit history check (including County Court Judgements the Enforcement of Judgements Office and
bankruptcy) where a guarantor is required only items c and d will apply to the guarantor
3.	not grant the tenancy if You are in any doubt of the integrity or the financial standing of the tenant or their guarantor
4.	ensure that all conditions on the reference report are met and be able to demonstrate this
5.	not enter into a Tenancy Agreement where a person has been requested to stand surety for the tenant unless that person has entered into a legally enforceable agreement in Your favour
6.	not allow a tenant to occupy the Residential Property until the first month’s rent in advance and one month’s rent as a
deposit has been paid in cash or payment has cleared in Your bank account
7.	comply with laws regarding tenant deposits before allowing a tenant to occupy the Residential Property
8.	keep up-to-date rental records
9.	ensure that where a tenant makes a payment of arrears, such payment is received on the express understanding that it is being taken on account of the longest outstanding sum of arrears that are due and is received without any prejudice to any termination notice and/or proceedings
10.	agree to Us setting off any retained deposit against the tenant’s outstanding rent


Exceptions under this Section
You are not insured for any claim arising from or relating to
1. Legal Costs & Expenses incurred without Our consent
2.	any actual or alleged act omission or dispute occurring prior to or existing at the inception of this Section of the Policy and which You believed or ought reasonably to have believed could give rise to a claim
3.	any claim occurring during the first 90 days of the first Period of insurance where the Tenancy Agreement started before the start of this Section of the Policy (except where You have had equivalent cover in force immediately before the start of this Section of the Policy)
 
4.	an allegation or prosecution against You involving
a.	assault violence indecent or obscene materials dishonesty malicious falsehood
b.	the manufacture dealing in or use of alcohol illegal drugs illegal immigration
c.	offences under Part 7 of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (money laundering offences)
5.	registering assessing or reviewing rent rent control leasehold valuation or the jurisdiction of the First-tier Tribunal
(Property Chamber)
6.	a Residential Property which is or should have been registered as a House of Multiple Occupation
7.	a judicial review
8.	a dispute with Us or the party who arranged this cover not dealt with under Arbitration a managing agent or the party who sold You this Section of the Policy

Conditions Which Apply to This Section
Failure to keep to any of these conditions without good reason will lead Us to cancel Your Policy refuse a claim or withdraw
from an ongoing claim We also reserve the right to recover Legal Costs & Expenses from You should this occur


Your responsibilities
You must
a.	tell Us immediately of anything that may make it more costly or difficult for the Appointed Advisor to resolve the
claim in Your favour
b.	cooperate fully with Us give the Appointed Advisor any instructions We require and keep them updated with progress of the claim and not hinder them
c.	take reasonable steps to recover Legal Costs & Expenses and where recovered pay them to Us
d.	keep Legal Costs & Expenses as low as possible
e.	allow Us at any time to take over and conduct in Your name any claim


Freedom to choose an Appointed Advisor
a. In certain circumstances as set out in b. below You may choose an Appointed Advisor In all other cases no such right exists and We shall choose the Appointed Advisor
b. If
i. We agree to start proceedings or proceedings are issued against You or
ii. there is a conflict of interest
You may choose a qualified Appointed Advisor except where Your claim is to be dealt with by the Small Claims Court where unless there is a conflict of interest We will always choose the Appointed Advisor
c.	where You wish to exercise the right to choose You must write to Us with Your preferred representative’s contact details

Our Consent
You must agree to Us having sight of the Appointed Advisor’s file relating to Your claim You are considered to have provided consent to Us or Our appointed agent to have sight of the file for auditing and quality and cost control purposes

Settlement
1. We can settle the claim by paying the reasonable value of Your claim
2. You must not negotiate settle the claim or agree to pay any Legal Costs & Expenses incurred without Our written
agreement
3. If You refuse to settle the claim following advice to do so from the Appointed Advisor We reserve the right to
refuse to pay any further Legal Costs & Expenses


Barrister’s Opinion
We may require You to obtain and pay for an opinion from a barrister if a dispute arises regarding the merits or value of the claim If the opinion supports You then We will reimburse the reasonable costs of that opinion If that opinion conflicts with advice obtained by Us then We will pay for a final opinion which shall be binding on You and Us this does not affect Your right
 
under Arbitration below

Arbitration
If any dispute between You and Us arises from this Section of the Policy You can make a complaint to Us as described in the complaints section of this Policy and We will try and resolve the matter if We are unable to satisfy Your concerns and the matter can be dealt with by the Financial Ombudsman Service You can ask them to arbitrate over the complaint
If the dispute cannot be dealt with by the Financial Ombudsman Service it can be referred for independent arbitration to a
qualified person agreed upon by both parties
The loser of the dispute shall be liable to pay the costs incurred
If We fail to agree on a suitable person to arbitrate the matter We will ask the President of the relevant law society to nominate The arbitration shall be subject to the Arbitration Acts and the arbitrator’s decision shall be binding on the parties

Acts of Parliament Statutory Instruments Civil Procedure Rules & Jurisdiction
All legal instruments and rules referred to within this Section of the Policy shall include equivalent legislation in Scotland and any subsequent amendment or replacement legislation

This Policy will be governed by the law of England and Wales
 
Extended Loss of Rental Income Section
Definitions
The following Definitions apply to this Section and shall keep the same meaning wherever they appear in the Section they should also be read in conjunction with the General Definitions at the start of the Policy

Damage
Loss of or Damage to the Property used by You at the Premises for the purpose of the Business


Indemnity Period
The period beginning with the occurrence of the Damage and ending not later than the Maximum Indemnity Period thereafter
during which the results of the Business shall be affected in consequence thereof


Maximum Indemnity Period
The period stated in the Schedule unless amended in any Additional Contingency


Rent Receivable
The Money paid or payable to You by tenants for rental of the Premises and for the services provided in connection with the Business at the Premises

Estimated Rent Receivable
The amount declared by You to Us as representing not less than the Rent Receivable which it is anticipated will be earned by the Business during the financial year most nearly concurrent with the Period of Insurance (or a proportionately increased multiple thereof where the Maximum Indemnity Period exceeds twelve months)



Annual Rent Receivable
The Rent Receivable during the twelve months immediately before the date of the Damage



Standard Rent Receivable
The Rent Receivable during that period in the twelve months immediately before the date of the Damage which corresponds with the Indemnity Period

Cover
In respect of each item in the Schedule We will indemnify You in respect of loss resulting from interruption of or interference with the Business carried on by You at the Premises in consequence of Damage occurring during the Period of Insurance caused by the operation of a Contingency under the Property Damage Section of the Policy unless otherwise stated in the Schedule

Provided that
1.	payment shall have been made or liability admitted for the Damage under an insurance covering Your interest in the Property
or
2.	payment would have been made or liability admitted for the Damage but for the operation of a provision in such
insurance excluding liability for losses below a specified amount


Limit of Liability
Our liability under this Section shall not exceed
 
1. 200% of the Estimated Rent Receivable shown in the Schedule and
2. 

Paragraph 16
100% of the Sum Insured shown in the Schedule for each other item or Extension stated in the Schedule Unless otherwise agreed by Us

Basis of Settlement
The following items of settlement apply only if the paragraph title appears in the Schedule


Rent Receivable or Estimated Rent Receivable
The insurance under this item is limited to (1) loss of Rent Receivable and (2) increase in cost of working and the amount payable as indemnity thereunder shall be
1.	in respect of the loss of Rent Receivable
the amount by which the Rent Receivable during the Indemnity Period shall fall short of the Standard Rent Receivable in consequence of the Damage
2.	in respect of increase of cost of working
the additional expenditure necessarily and reasonably incurred for the sole purpose of avoiding or diminishing the loss of Rent Receivable which but for the expenditure would have taken place during the Indemnity Period in consequence of the Damage but not exceeding the amount of the reduction in Rent Receivable thereby avoided
less any sum saved during the Indemnity Period in respect of such of the expenses and charges payable out of Rent Receivable as may cease or be reduced in consequence of the Damage

If the Sum Insured by the item on Rent Receivable be less than the Annual Rent Receivable (or at a proportionately increased multiple thereof where the Maximum lndemnity Period exceeds twelve months) the amount payable shall be proportionately reduced

Prevention of Access
We will indemnify You in respect of Damage to Property in the vicinity of the Premises as a result of Damage caused by any of the Contingencies insured under the Property Damage Section which prevents or hinders use of or access to the Premises whether the Premises have been Damaged or not

The maximum We will pay is the Sum Insured as stated in the Schedule


Section Extensions
Auditors and Professional Accountants and Legal Fees
Included within the Rent Receivable or Estimated Rent Receivable item is an allowance for auditors professional accountants and solicitors reasonable charges for
1.	producing information We required for investigating any claim and
2.	confirming the information is in accordance with Your Business books
3.	determining Your contractual rights under any rent cessor clause or insurance break clause contained in the lease The maximum We will pay for any claim including auditors and professional accountants and solicitors charges is the Sum Insured

Buildings Awaiting Sale
If at the time of Damage You have contracted to sell Your interest in the Buildings and the sale is cancelled or delayed solely due to the Damage We will pay at Your option either
1. The loss of Rent Receivable from the date of Damage until the Buildings would have been sold or the expiry of the Indemnity Period if earlier or
2. The loss in respect of interest from the date the Buildings would have been sold if the Damage had not occurred to the actual date of sale or the expiry of the Indemnity Period if earlier The loss in respect of interest being
a. The actual interest incurred on capital borrowed (solely to offset in whole or in part the loss of use of the sale proceeds) for the purpose of financing the Business
b. The investment interest lost to You on any balance of the sale proceeds (after deduction of any capital borrowed as provided for under paragraph a) above)
 
Less any amount of Rent Receivable

We will also pay with Our written consent Additional expenditure being the expenditure necessarily and reasonably incurred during the Indemnity Period following Damage solely to avoid or minimise the loss payable under a) and b) above

Capital Additions Rent Receivable
We will pay for loss of Rent Receivable for any newly acquired or newly erected Buildings or alterations additions or extensions to Buildings covered under the Property Damage Section that is not otherwise insured
Provided that
a.	the most We will pay at one situation is 10% of the Sum Insured under this Section up to a maximum of £100,000 during any one Period of Insurance
b. You must tell Us as soon as possible of any extension of cover as detailed above and take out insurance cover from the date Our liability commenced

Contracting Purchaser’s Interest
Between You contracting to sell Your interest in any of the Premises and the completion of the purchase by a third party if Damage occurs which is not otherwise insured by the third party on completion the third party will be entitled to benefit under this Section without prejudice to the rights and liabilities of You or Us

Cost of reletting
We will pay costs that You necessarily and reasonably incur in reletting the Premises (including legal fees) solely in
consequence of Damage The maximum We will pay is the Sum Insured in respect of the Buildings affected by the Damage


Inadvertent Failure to Insure
Buildings owned by You in Great Britain Northern Ireland the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man for which You have an
obligation to insure (whether owned or leased to You) but which have inadvertently been left uninsured The maximum We will pay at any one Premises is £100,000 in respect of loss of Rent Receivable
You must advise Us in writing immediately You become aware of a Premises inadvertently left uninsured and pay the appropriate premium due from the date the insurance becomes Your responsibility

You must carry out at not less than twelve months intervals a check of all properties owned or leased by You and for which You
are responsible to ensure that effective insurance is in force on each of them

We will not indemnify You in respect of
1.	any building more specifically insured
2.	any appreciation in value


Subrogation Waiver
In the event of a claim arising under this Section We agree to waive any rights remedies or relief to which We might become entitled by subrogation against
1.	any Company standing in the relationship of Parent to Subsidiary (Subsidiary to Parent) to You as defined in the Companies Acts or Companies (NI) Order as appropriate current at the time of Damage
2.	any Company which is a Subsidiary of a Parent Company of which You are a subsidiary in each case within the meaning of the Companies Acts or Companies (NI) Order as appropriate current at the time of Damage
3.	any tenant or lessee in respect of loss of Rent Receivable unless the loss of Rent Receivable is caused by a criminal or malicious act of the tenant or lessee

Conditions
Automatic Reinstatement of Loss
Unless there is written notice by Us to the contrary in the event of Damage under this Section We shall automatically reinstate the Sum Insured provided that You undertake to pay the appropriate additional premium
 
Cessation of Trading
This Section shall be avoided if the Business is wound up or carried on by a liquidator or receiver or permanently discontinued at any time after the commencement of the Period of Insurance unless We give Our written consent

Payments on Account
Claims payments on account may be made to You during the Indemnity Period if required


Renewal
You will supply prior to each renewal the Estimated Rent Receivable for the financial year most closely corresponding to the
following Period of Insurance


Statutory Inspection of Plant
Any item of plant or machinery belonging to You or under Your control which requires to be examined to comply with any Statutory Regulations must be inspected in accordance with such Regulations Failure to comply with this will invalidate cover in respect of an explosion originating within and causing Damage to the item of Plant

Value Added Tax
To the extent that You are accountable to the tax authorities for Value Added Tax all terms in this Section shall be exclusive of such tax

Additional Contingencies
Public Utilities – Water Gas or Electricity
We will indemnify You in respect of interruption or interference with the Business as a result of accidental failure of Your public supply of electricity gas or water at the terminal ends of Your suppliers service feeders to the Premises
We will not indemnify You in respect of
1.	accidental failure which lasts less than 4 hours
2.	a deliberate act of the supply undertaking unless for the sole purpose of safeguarding life or protecting any part of the supply undertaking system
3.	accidental failure caused by the exercise of any supply authority’s power to withdraw or restrict supply or services
4.	any industrial action
5.	drought or other weather conditions unless equipment has been Damaged
6.	other than in Great Britain Northern Ireland the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man

The maximum We will pay under this Additional Contingency is £50,000 in respect of any one loss unless otherwise stated in
the Schedule


Telecommunications
We will indemnify You in respect of interruption or interference with the Business as a result of accidental failure of the public supply of telecommunication services at the incoming line terminals or receivers at the Premises
We will not indemnify You in respect of accidental failure
1.	lasting less than 24 consecutive hours
2.	caused by any industrial action or other deliberate act of the supply undertaking unless for the sole purpose of safeguarding life or protecting any part of the supply undertaking system
3.	caused by the exercise of any supply authority’s power to withdraw or restrict supply or services
 
4.	caused by atmospheric or other weather conditions unless equipment has been Damaged caused by those conditions
5.	other than in Great Britain Northern Ireland the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man
6.	caused by failure of any satellite

The maximum We will pay under this Additional Contingency is £50,000 in respect of any one loss unless otherwise stated in
the Schedule


Public Emergency
We will indemnify You in respect of loss resulting from interruption or interference with the Business as a result of the actions or advice of a government or local authority due to an emergency likely to endanger life or property in the vicinity of the Premises which prevents or hinders the use of or access to the Premises excluding
1.	any incident lasting less than 12 hours
2.	any period other than the actual period when access to the Premises was prevented
3.	a Notifiable Human Infectious or Contagious Disease as defined in the current legislation occurring at the
Premises

The maximum We will pay under this extension is £100,000 in respect of the total of all losses occurring during the Period of Insurance unless otherwise stated in the Schedule

The provisions of any Automatic Reinstatement Condition do not apply in respect of this Additional Contingency


Legionella
We will indemnify You in respect of loss resulting from interruption or interference with the Business as a result of any outbreak of legionellosis at the Premises causing restrictions on the use of the Premises on the order or advice of the competent authority

Maximum Indemnity Period – three months

The maximum We will pay under this extension is £25,000 (or the limit as detailed in the Schedule) in respect of the total of all losses occurring during the Period of Insurance

Condition applicable to Additional Contingency Legionella
If in relation to any claim arising directly or indirectly from an occurrence of Legionellosis or Legionnaires Disease You have
failed to fulfil the following condition You will lose Your right to indemnity or payment for that claim

At the Premises You must ensure compliance at all times with the Health and Safety Commissions Approved Code of Practice “The Prevention and Control of Legionellosis (including Legionnaires Disease)” Ref ISBN-0-7176-1772-6 or any supplementary replacement or amending Code of Practice
 
Terrorism Section
Section Definitions

The following Definitions apply to this Section and shall keep the same meaning wherever they appear within the Section and they should also be read in conjunction with the General Definitions at the start of the Policy

Act of Sabotage
means a subversive act or series of such acts committed for political, religious or ideological purposes including the intention
to influence any government and/or to put the public in fear for such purposes


Act of Terrorism
means an act or series of acts including the use of force or violence of any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organisation(s) committed for political religious or ideological purposes including the intention to influence any government and/or to put the public in fear for such purposes

Occurrence
shall mean any one loss or series of losses arising out of and directly occasioned by any one act or series of Acts of Terrorism or Acts of Sabotage for the same purpose or cause sustained by You at the Premises during any period of 72 consecutive hours arising out of the same purpose or cause

However no such period of 72 consecutive hours may extend beyond the expiration of this Policy unless You shall first sustain direct physical damage by an Act of Terrorism or an Act of Sabotage prior to expiration and within said period of 72 consecutive hours nor shall any period of 72 consecutive hours commence prior to the attachment of this Policy

Private Individual
Any person other than

1.	a business partnership
2.	a trustee or body of trustees or trust beneficiary where insurance is arranged under the terms of a trust
3.	an executor of a will or the beneficiary of such will
4.	a person who insures Residential Property for the purpose of their business as a sole trader
5.	a person who insures Residential Property of which in excess of 20 per cent of the property is commercially occupied Note
a.	where the Residential Property is occupied in part by a sole trader business partner trustee or executor of a will or beneficiary of such will or trust as as their own private residence each will be deemed to be a Private Individual in respect of that same property unless in excess of 20 per cent of the Residential Property is commercially occupied
b.	where two or more persons have arranged insurance on Residential Property in their several names and/or the name of the policyholder includes the name of a bank or a building society or other financial institution for the purpose of noting their interest in the property insured they will be deemed to be a Private Individual in respect of that property

Property Insured
All property as detailed in the Schedule


Residential Property
1. Private dwelling houses flats
2. Household contents and personal effects
 
Territorial Limits
England Wales and Scotland but not the territorial seas adjacent thereto as defined by the Territorial Seas Act 1987
This shall include the Channel Tunnel up to the frontier with the Republic of France as set out by the treaty of Canterbury This excludes Northern Ireland the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands

Cover

We will indemnify You in respect of any one Occurrence of loss or Damage to Property Insured caused by an Act of Terrorism or Act of Sabotage during the Period of Insurance within the Territorial Limits

The maximum We will pay under this Section in any one Period of Insurance will not exceed the Limit of Liability or Sum
Insured or a limited specified in any extension under the Property Damage or Extended Loss of Rental Income sections

Provided always that insurance by this Section

a. Is not subject to the General Exceptions
b. Is subject otherwise to all General Terms and Conditions except where expressly varied within this Section. Exceptions

The following exceptions apply to this Section

1. We will not indemnify You in respect of loss or damage by electronic means including but not limited to computer hacking or the introduction of any form of computer virus or corrupting or unauthorised instructions or code or the use of any electromagnetic weapon

2. We will not indemnify You in respect of loss or damage caused by or happening through riot civil commotion war invasion act of foreign enemy hostilities (whether war be declared or not) civil war rebellion revolution insurrection or military or usurped power

3. We will not indemnify You in respect of damage or any other loss or expense resulting or arising from damage to any property or any consequential loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or in connection with or arising from biological or chemical pollution or contamination

4. We will not indemnify You in respect of loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from nuclear detonation nuclear reaction nuclear radiation or radioactive contamination however such nuclear detonation nuclear reaction nuclear radiation or radioactive contamination may have been caused

5. 

Paragraph 17
We will not indemnify You in respect of loss or destruction of or damage to Residential Property insured in the name of a Private Individual
 
Engineering Inspection Section
Inspection Service Contract
1. Definitions
The following words have been given the specific meaning set forth below and have the same meaning wherever they appear in the Contract whether singular or plural
1.1	Normal Working Hours
8:00 am to 6:00 pm Monday to Friday excluding public bank and local holidays
1.2	Competent Person
An Engineer Surveyor employed and authorised by Us to perform Inspection Service
1.3	Plant
The machinery appliances and equipment as detailed to Us
1.4	Inspection Service
Thorough Examination of Plant in accordance with the requirements of such statutory regulations as apply to the Plant or Inspection of Plant in compliance with good established engineering practice Unless otherwise agreed in writing this term shall not include approval or verification of the fitness for purpose of any design or design features of Plant performing or witnessing tests of a non-routine nature including but not limited to ultrasonic
radiographic hydrostatic or other non-destructive examination or in the case of lifting and handling Plant any proof load stability anchorage or similar test
We shall
a. Periodically perform Thorough Examination/Inspection of Plant within Normal Working Hours
b. Provide a written report of the Thorough Examination/Inspection within a reasonable time


2	Provision of Inspection Service
2.1	We shall comply with Your safe systems of work provided such systems are notified to Us in advance of any visit
2.2	We may
1.2.1	refuse to carry out any Inspection Service if at Our sole discretion to do so would pose a health safety or welfare risk
1.2.2	appoint sub-contractors to carry out all or any part of the Inspection Service
1.2.3	make a charge in addition to the fee shown in the Schedule if
2.1.3.1	You request and We agree to perform Inspection Service outside Normal Working Hours
2.1.3.2	You require additional copies of reports
2.1.3.3	You fail to prepare or make the Plant available at the date and time agreed
2.1.3.4	You require additional services or
2.1.3.5	You require the Competent Person to undertake training specific to Your own health safety and
welfare procedures


3	Client Responsibilities
3.1	You shall
3.1.1	be responsible for the care custody and control of the Plant at all times
3.1.2	allow Us access to Your site or site of operation and Plant at such reasonable times as shall be agreed
3.1.3	provide Us with
3.1.3.1	A safe working environment on the site on which the Plant is located
3.1.3.2	A safe physical means by which to gain access to perform the Inspection Service
3.1.4	have the Plant properly prepared dismantled and reassembled as necessary in order to enable Us to carry out the appropriate Inspection Service
3.1.5	Cooperate with and upon request provide Us with information and data relating to the Plant as required
in order to perform the Inspection Service


4	Fees
4.1	We shall charge fees for the provision of the Inspection Service and such fees shall be subject to Value Added Tax at the appropriate rate
 
4.2	You shall pay the fee shown in the Schedule at the beginning of the Contract and at subsequent renewals of the Contract
4.3	If You add or delete Premises during the Contract term the fee will be adjusted


5	Term and Termination
5.1	The term of this Contract is as shown in the Schedule
5.2	Either party may terminate this Contract by giving 30 days written notice to the other party if the other commits any breach of the Contract

6	Confidentiality
6.1	Unless otherwise agreed all reports and similar material prepared by Us in connection with Inspection Service shall be released only to You or Your designated representative
6.2	We may use data gathered in connection with Inspection Service for statistical purposes


7	Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
7.1	Neither We nor any of Our Employees shall be liable directly or indirectly for any Damage or Injury to Property or persons resulting from any accident or defect in any Plant nor shall We be liable directly or indirectly for loss
Damage or Injury of any kind arising from or connected in any way with any Inspection Service or documentation of any Inspection Service or from the omission of any Inspection Service or documentation of any Inspection Service whether or not such Inspection Service documentation or omission was at Your request
7.2	Neither We nor any of Our Employees makes any warranty express or implied concerning the activities described
in this Contract
7.3	Notwithstanding anything else in this Contract to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law
7.3.1	We shall not be liable to You for any special incidental indirect consequential or exemplary damages including but not limited to loss of profits or revenue loss of use loss of opportunity loss of goodwill cost of substitute facilities goods or services cost of capital governmental and regulatory sanctions and claims of third parties for such damages
7.3.2	The total cumulative liability of Us to You whether in tort or in contract for all claims losses damages and expenses resulting in any way from this Contract shall not be greater than the total amount received by Us from You as compensation during the Contract term specified in the Schedule
7.3.3	Except in the case of death or personal Injury caused by Our negligence or in other circumstances where liability may not be so limited under applicable law Our liability under or in connection with this Contract whether arising in contract tort negligence breach of statutory duty or otherwise shall not exceed the sum of
£5,000,000 (five million pounds)
7.4	Upon completion of the Inspection Service or termination of this Contract the provisions relating to indemnity waivers limitations of remedies and limitations of liability including but not limited to those contained in this section shall remain in full force and effect

8	Force Majeure
8.1	We shall not be liable for any delay or the consequences of any delay if such delay is due to any cause beyond
Our reasonable control and shall be entitled to a reasonable extension of time for performance of the Contract


9	General
All matters relating to the validity performance or interpretation of this Contract shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales We and You hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales
9.1	No term of this Contract is intended either expressly or by implication or other inference to purport to confer a benefit or right of action upon any third party No such third party (whether or not in existence at the date of this Contract) is named or described herein The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 is expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law
9.2	The provision of Inspection Service under this Contract does not relieve the Client of any statutory obligation to
have the Plant inspected
9.3	Inspection Service will only be subcontracted to suitably qualified subcontractors with the agreement of both
Parties and We shall retain responsibility for the execution of such work
 













































 	 

Arch UK Regional Division

Arch Insurance (UK) Limited, 5th Floor, Plantation Place South, 60 Great Tower Street, London EC3R 5AZ – (FCA Register No 229887) authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. The Arch Insurance Group includes FCA registered companies, such as Thomas Underwriting Agency Limited (FCA number 304302) and Axiom Underwriting Agency Limited (FCA number 441460), registered at the address provided, who may act as intermediaries for certain insurers. Arch Residential Property Owners 1910

4650A/PW/INS/1910 



Result Category: PROPERTY Insurance
Result found in File: PROPERTY_rsa_property_owners_policy_wording.txt

Paragraph 11
3   Any amount in excess of the Limit of Liability shown in the Schedule after the application of all other terms and conditions of this Insurance. B)   Rent									
If no Sum Insured on Rent received from the Residential Property is included on the Schedule We will cover Loss of Rent in respect of such Property in accordance with ‘How We settle claims for Rent of Buildings which suffer Damage’ except for the provisions of paragraph 3 B). The paragraphs headed ‘The most We will pay’ and ‘Your sum									
insured – the penalty for underinsurance’ shall not apply to the cover provided by this Extension. 1   Any amount in excess of the Limit of Liability shown in the									
"Schedule after the application of all other terms and conditions of this Insurance, inclusive of Extension 8 A) above." THIS INSURANCE (INCLUDING ALL EXTENSIONS OF									
COVER) ALSO DOES NOT COVER									
1   Sonic Bangs									
Damage caused by pressure waves caused by aircraft or other aerial									
devices travelling at sonic or supersonic speeds. 2   War and Allied Risks									
Damage caused by									
A) riot or civil commotion unless such Event is specifically insured									
and then only to the extent stated									
"B) war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be"									
"declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection or military or usurped power." 3  Radioactive Contamination									
Damage to any Property whatsoever or any loss or expense									
whatsoever resulting or arising therefrom or any loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from									
A)  ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any									
nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel									
"B)  the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous properties"									
of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component of it. 4    Terrorism									
Damage caused by or happening through or in consequence									
directly or indirectly of									
A)  Terrorism regardless of any other cause or event contributing									
concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss and									
B) in Northern Ireland civil commotion. This Insurance also excludes Damage or loss resulting from Damage									
"directly or indirectly caused by resulting from or in connection with any action aimed at controlling, preventing, suppressing or in any way relating to an act of Terrorism." In Great Britain and Northern Ireland Terrorism means									
acts of persons acting on behalf of or in connection with any									
organisation which carries out activities directed towards the overthrowing or influencing by force or violence of Her Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom or any other government de jure or de facto. In so far that this Insurance is extended to include any situation									
elsewhere than in Great Britain and Northern Ireland Terrorism means									
any act including but not limited to the use of force or violence									
"or the threat of any person or group of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organisation or government committed for political, religious, ideological or similar purposes including the intention to"									
A)  influence any government or any international governmental									
organisation or									
B) put the public or any section of the public in fear. "In any action, suit or other proceedings where We allege that by"									
reason of this exclusion any Damage or loss resulting from Damage is not covered by this Insurance the burden of proving that such Damage or loss is covered shall be upon You. 5   Electronic Risk									
A) Damage to Data which shall include but shall not be limited to									
i)  Damage to or corruption of Data whether in whole or in part									
ii)   unauthorised appropriation of use of access to or modification of Data									
iii) unauthorised transmission of Data to any third parties									
"iv)  Damage arising out of any misinterpretation, use or misuse of Data"									
v) Damage arising out of any operator error in respect of Data. B) Damage to the Property insured arising directly or indirectly from									
i)  the transmission or impact of any Virus									
ii) unauthorised access to a System									
iii)  interruption of or interference with electronic means of communication used in the conduct of Your Business including but not limited to any diminution in the performance of any website or electronic means of communication									
iv)  Failure of a System									
v)  anything described in A) above									
"but in respect of B) i), B) ii), B) iii) and B) iv) this shall not"									
exclude subsequent Damage which itself results from any of the Events insured provided that such Damage does not arise by reason of any malicious act or omission. 6   Illegal Activities									
Damage caused as a result of the Residential Property being used by occupants for illegal activities. 

Paragraph 16
2   Electronic Risks									
"Any loss whatsoever or any expenditure resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from Damage to any computer or other equipment or component or system or item which processes, stores, transmits or retrieves data or any part thereof whether tangible or intangible (including but without limitation   any information or programs or software) and whether Your property or not where such Damage is caused by Virus or Similar Mechanism or Hacking or Denial of Service Attack." 3  Nuclear Installation or Nuclear Reactor									
"Any loss whatsoever or any consequential loss resulting or arising from Damage to any Nuclear Installation or Nuclear Reactor and all fixtures and fittings situated thereon and attached thereto and all pipes, wires, cables, drains or other conduits or service media of any description which are affixed or connected to or in any way serve such Nuclear Installation or Nuclear Reactor." "4 Nuclear Risks and Chemical, Biological and Radiological Contamination"									
In respect of Residential Property insured in the name of a Private Individual									
any loss whatsoever or any expenditure resulting or arising therefrom or any consequential loss directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from									
"A)  the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof"									
B) ionising radiation or contamination by radioactivity or from the									
combustion of any radioactive material									
"C)  chemical and/or biological and/or radiological irritants,"									
contaminants or pollutants. Special Conditions									
"1  In any action, suit or other proceedings where We allege that any"									
Damage or loss resulting from Damage is not covered by this Policy the burden of proving that such Damage or loss is covered shall be upon You. 2  Any terms in this Policy which provide for adjustments of premium									
based upon declarations on expiry or during the Period of Insurance do not apply to Terrorism Insurance. 3  If this Policy is subject to any Long Term Agreement/Undertaking it									
does not apply to Terrorism Insurance. "All the terms, definitions, provisions, conditions and extensions of the"									
Policy apply except insofar as they are hereby expressly varied. Liabilities Insurance									
Section 1 Employers’ Liability									
THIS INSURANCE SECTION ONLYAPPLIES WHERE SHOWNAS INCLUDED IN THE SCHEDULE									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
Any Person Entitled to Indemnity is covered									
1  against legal liability for damages in respect of Injury of any Person									
Employed caused during any Period of Insurance									
"A) in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the"									
Isle of Man									
or									
B) while temporarily outside these territories									
arising out of and in the course of employment by You in the Business									
2    in respect of									
A) claimants costs and expenses which You are legally liable to pay in connection with any claim									
B) the costs of legal representation at any coroner’s inquest or inquiry in respect of any death									
C) i)  costs of legal representation at proceedings in any Court arising out of any alleged breach of statutory duty resulting in Injury including the defence of any criminal proceedings brought against You or Your director or partner or Employee for an offence of Corporate Manslaughter or Corporate Homicide or a breach of the Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978									
ii) costs and expenses of legal representation at any appeal against conviction if in the opinion of Counsel (appointed by mutual consent) such appeal could be contested with the probability of success									
D) all other legal costs and legal expenses in relation to any matter which may form the subject of a claim for indemnity under this Insurance  Section									
incurred with Our prior written consent. 1  Radioactive Contamination									
"Any legal liability directly or indirectly caused by, or contributed to"									
"by, or arising from"									
A)  ionising radiation or radioactive contamination from any nuclear									
fuel or waste which results from the burning of nuclear fuel									
or									
"B)  the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other dangerous properties"									
of any nuclear assembly or any part of it where the legal liability is									
i)  that of any principal									
ii)   accepted under an agreement without which the legal liability would not exist. 2   Road Traffic Legislation									
Any legal liability for Injury in respect of which You are required to arrange insurance or security in accordance with road traffic legislation within the European Union. 3   Fines or Penalties									
A)  fines or penalties									
B)  the costs of appeal against any improvement or prohibition notices									
C) fees for intervention payable under the Health and Safety Fees (Regulations) 2012									
D) compensation ordered or awarded by a Court of Criminal Jurisdiction. Extensions to Section 1									
THIS SECTION ALSO COVERS									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
1  Compensation for Court Attendance									
"If We require any director, partner or Employee of Yours to attend"									
Court as a witness in connection with a claim We will pay You the amount shown below									
A)  for any director or partner of Yours £500 per day									
B) for any Employee £250 per day. 2  Unsatisfied Court Judgements									
If an Employee or their personal representative is awarded damages									
"for Injury in any Court situated in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man which is not paid, in whole or in part, after 6 months, We will, at Your request, pay the amount of the judgement provided that"									
A)  the damages are awarded against a company or individual									
"operating from premises in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man"									
B) the Injury was caused during any Period of Insurance in the									
course of employment by You									
"C) there is no on-going, planned or outstanding appeal"									
D)  the Employee or their personal representative shall assign the									
judgement to Us. 3  Premises occupied for Residential Purposes									
In respect of Premises occupied for residential purposes the									
Definition of Person Entitled to Indemnity is extended to include									
A) the Residents									
B) the managing agents									
C)  the Residents’ Association									
D) the owners or lessees									
of such Premises against legal liability in respect of which You would									
have been entitled to indemnity under this Policy if the claim had been made against You									
provided that such persons									
i)  are not entitled to indemnity from any other source									
"ii)  shall keep to the terms, conditions and limitations of this Policy"									
so far as they can apply. Employers’ Liability - how We settle claims									
How We settle claims forYour legal liabilities to Persons Entitled to Indemnity									
"Subject to the terms and conditions of Your Policy, We will pay the"									
"amount of any damages and costs which a Court has ordered You to pay or which You have (with Our written consent) agreed to pay, in addition to any costs that You have incurred with Our written consent." 

Paragraph 17
The most We will pay									
Our liability for Injury and costs and expenses payable in respect of any									
one Event will not exceed the Limit of Liability shown under Section 1 (Employers’ Liability) in Your Schedule. For the purposes of the Limit of Indemnity applying to Terrorism (as									
"shown in the Schedule),Terrorism means"									
acts of persons acting on behalf of or in connection with any organisation									
which carries out activities directed towards the overthrowing or influencing by force or violence of Her Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom or any other government de jure or de facto. Our right to pay the full limit at any time									
"In respect of any one Event, We may pay the Limit of Indemnity shown"									
in Your Schedule (less any sums already paid or incurred) or any lesser amount for which any claims arising from the Event can be settled. We will then relinquish control of such claims and be under no further liability. Parties to the contract of insurance									
"The total amount payable by Us in respect of all damages, costs and"									
expenses arising out of all claims during any one Period of Insurance consequent on or attributable to one source or original cause irrespective of the number of Persons Entitled to Indemnity having a claim under   this Policy consequent on or attributable to that one source or original cause shall not exceed the Limit of Indemnity shown under Section 1 (Employers’ Liability) in Your Schedule. For the purposes of the Limit of Indemnity all of the Persons Entitled									
to Indemnity under this Policy shall be treated as one party or legal entity so that there will be only two parties to the contract of insurance namely Us and You. Section 2 Property Owners’ Liability									
THIS INSURANCE SECTION ONLY APPLIES WHERE SHOWNAS INCLUDED INTHE SCHEDULE									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
Any Person Entitled to Indemnity is covered									
1  up to the Limit of Indemnity against legal liability for damages in respect of									
A) accidental Injury of any person									
B) Damage to Property									
"C) accidental nuisance, accidental trespass to land or goods, or accidental interference with any easement, right of air, light, water or way"									
D) wrongful arrest or false imprisonment									
happening during any Period of Insurance in connection with the Business									
2    in respect of									
A)  claimants costs and expenses which You are legally liable to pay in connection with any claim									
B) the costs of legal representation at any coroner’s inquest or inquiry in respect of any death									
C) i)  costs of legal representation at proceedings in any Court arising out of any alleged breach of statutory duty resulting in Injury including the defence of any criminal proceedings brought against You or Your director or partner or Employee for an offence of Corporate Manslaughter or Corporate Homicide or a breach of the Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978									
ii) costs and expenses of legal representation at any appeal against conviction if in the opinion of Counsel (appointed by mutual consent) such appeal could be contested with the probability of success									
D) all other legal costs and legal expenses in relation to any matter which may form the subject of a claim for indemnity under this Insurance  Section									
incurred with Our prior written consent. 1  Mechanical Vehicles									
Any legal liability arising from or out of the ownership possession or use by or on behalf of You or any Person Entitled to Indemnity of any									
A)  mechanically propelled vehicle other than legal liability arising out of									
i)   the use of plant as a tool of trade on site									
ii)  the use of plant at Your Premises									
iii) the loading or unloading of any vehicle									
"except where You are required to arrange insurance or security in accordance with road traffic legislation, or where cover is provided by a motor insurance policy"									
B) aircraft or other aerial device									
C) aerospatial device									
D)  hovercraft									
E) water-borne craft (other than hand-propelled or sailing craft in inland or territorial waters). 2   Employers’ Liability									
"Any legal liability for bodily injury or mental injury to or death, disease or illness of any Person Employed arising out of and in the course of employment by You in the Business." 3   Property in Your Custody or Control									
Any legal liability for Damage to any Property which belongs to or is held in trust by or is in the custody or control of You other than									
"A)  Your directors’, partners’, Employees’ or visitors’ personal effects including vehicles and their contents"									
"B) premises and their contents which are not owned, leased or rented to You at which You are working in connection with Your  Business"									
C) premises and their fixtures and fittings which are leased or rented to You unless the legal liability arises solely because of  a contract or agreement or where the legal liability arises from an agreement to maintain insurance in respect of Damage to any such premises and their fixtures and fittings. 4  Pollution or Contamination									
Any legal liability caused by or arising out of pollution or									
"contamination of buildings or other structures or of water or land or the atmosphere unless the pollution or contamination is caused by a sudden, identifiable, unintended and unexpected incident which takes place in its entirety at a specific moment in time and place during any Period of Insurance. All pollution and contamination which arises out of one incident shall be considered by Us for the purpose of this Policy to have occurred at the time such incident takes place." What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
5   Product Defects and Recall									
A) Any legal liability in respect of loss of or Damage to any									
product supplied or contract work executed by You caused by any defect or unsuitability for its intended purpose. "B) Any legal liability in respect of the cost of recall, removal, repair,"									
"alteration, replacement or reinstatement arising from the defect or unsuitability of any product supplied by You or any contract work executed by You." 6  Professional Risks									
"Any legal liability arising from or in connection with any advice,"									
design or specification provided by You for a fee. 

Paragraph 20
Property Owners’ Liability - how We settle claims									
How We settle claims for Your legal liabilities to third parties									
"Subject to the terms and conditions of Your Policy, We will pay the amount of any damages and costs which a Court has ordered You to pay or which You have (with Our written consent) agreed to pay, in addition to any costs that You have incurred with Our written consent." "Your Contribution, as shown in the Schedule, is payable before We will be liable to make any payment." The most We will pay									
In respect of any one Event the most We will pay is the Limit of Indemnity shown under Section 2 (Property Owners’ Liability) in Your Schedule. "In respect of all incidents considered by Us to have occurred during any one Period of Insurance in respect of pollution or contamination of buildings, other structures, water, land or atmosphere the most We will pay is the Limit of Indemnity in respect of Pollution shown under Section 2 (Property Owners’ Liability) in Your Schedule." Our right to pay the full limit at any time									
In respect of any one Event We may pay the Limit of Indemnity shown									
under Section 2 (Property Owners’ Liability) in Your Schedule (less any sums already paid or incurred) or any lesser amount for which any claims arising from the Event can be settled. We will then relinquish control of such claims and have no further liability in respect of them except for any further costs and expenses for which We are liable under this Policy and which were incurred by You prior to the date of such payment. Parties to the contract of insurance									
If We have to provide cover for more than one person Our liability will not be more than the Limit of Indemnity shown under Section 2 (Property Owners’ Liability) in Your Schedule. The most We will pay in respect of all incidents considered by Us to have occurred during any one Period of Insurance consequent on or attributable to one source or original cause irrespective of the number of Persons Entitled to Indemnity having a claim under this Policy consequent on or attributable to that one source or original cause shall not exceed the Limit of Indemnity shown under Section 2 (Property Owners’ Liability) in Your Schedule. The most We will pay in respect of all damages arising out of all claims during any one Period of Insurance irrespective of the number of sources or original causes of such claims and irrespective of the number of Persons Entitled to Indemnity having claims under this Policy in respect of those sources or original causes shall not exceed the Limit of Indemnity shown under Section 2 (Property Owners’ Liability) in Your Schedule. For the purposes of the Limit of Indemnity all the Persons Entitled  to Indemnity under Your Policy shall be treated as one party or legal									
entity so that there will be only two parties to the contract of insurance namely Us and You. Section 3 Legal Defence Costs									
THIS INSURANCE SECTION ONLY APPLIES WHERE SHOWNAS INCLUDED INTHE SCHEDULE									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
Part A									
Criminal Proceedings relating to Health and Safety at Work in respect of									
duties to Your Employees. We will pay									
1  legal costs and expenses incurred with Our written consent									
"2   costs awarded against You or any director, partner or Person Employed"									
in respect of criminal proceedings or an appeal against a conviction for									
an offence which is alleged to have been committed during the Period of Insurance in the course of the Business. The proceedings must relate to									
i)   a breach of the Health and Safety at Work Act etc. 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978									
and									
"ii)  the health, safety and welfare of a director, partner or Person Employed." 1   Fines or Penalties									
A) Fines or penalties of any kind. 

Paragraph 21
B)  The costs of appeal against any improvement or prohibition notices. C)  Fees for intervention payable under the Health and Safety Fees (Regulations) 2012. D)  Compensation awarded by a Court of Criminal Jurisdiction. 2   Other Insurances									
Where cover is provided by any other insurance policy. 3   Deliberate Act									
"Any proceedings or conviction which arise out of any deliberate act or omission by You or any director or partner of Yours, or by any Employee with specific responsibility for compliance with the legislation." 4    Asbestos									
"Any costs or expenses incurred arising out of or in connection with criminal proceedings relating in any way to Asbestos, Asbestos Dust or Asbestos Containing Materials." Part B									
Criminal Proceedings relating to Health and Safety at Work in respect									
of duties to members of the public and to Consumer Protection and Food Safety. We will pay									
1  legal costs and expenses incurred with Our written consent									
"2   costs awarded against You or any director, partner or Person Employed in respect of criminal proceedings or an appeal against a conviction for"									
an offence which is alleged to have been committed during the Period of									
Insurance in the course of the Business. The proceedings must relate to									
A)  i)   a breach of the Health and Safety at Work Act etc. 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978									
and									
"ii)  the health, safety and welfare of any person other than a director, partner or Person Employed"									
B) a breach of Part II of the Consumer Protection Act 1987									
C) a breach of Part II of the Food Safety Act 1987. 1   Fines or Penalties									
A) Fines or penalties of any kind. B)  The costs of appeal against any improvement or prohibition notices. C)  Fees for intervention payable under the Health and Safety Fees (Regulations) 2012. D)  Compensation awarded by a Court of Criminal Jurisdiction. 2   Other Insurances									
Where cover is provided by any other insurance policy. 

Paragraph 22
3   Deliberate Act									
"Any proceedings or conviction which arise out of any deliberate act or omission by You or any director or partner of Yours, or by any Employee with specific responsibility for compliance with the legislation." 4    Asbestos									
"Any costs or expenses incurred arising out of or in connection with criminal proceedings relating in any way to Asbestos, Asbestos Dust or Asbestos Containing Materials." Legal Defence Costs - how We settle claims									
How We settle claims for Your legal defence costs									
As long as the legal defence costs are covered under Your Policy We									
"will pay the costs that You have incurred with Our written consent and the costs awarded against You and at Your request any of Your directors, partners or any Person Employed." We shall pass notification to an independent third party service provider									
with whom We have an agreement and which shall administer the claim on Our behalf. The most We will pay									
Irrespective of the number of Persons Entitled to Indemnity the most									
We will pay in any one Period of Insurance for legal defence costs is  the Limit of Indemnity shown under Section 3 (Legal Defence Costs) in Your  Schedule. Our right to pay the full limit at any time									
We may pay the Limit of Indemnity shown under Section 3 (Legal									
Defence Costs) in Your Schedule (less any sums already paid or incurred) or any lesser amount for which any claims You have notified to Us can be settled. We will then relinquish control of such claims and be under no further liability in respect of legal defence costs. We shall pass notification of any claim for legal defence costs to the third party provider approved by Us. Parties to the contract of insurance									
If We have to provide cover for more than one person Our liability will									
not be more than the Limit of Indemnity shown under Section 3 (Legal Defence Costs) in Your Schedule. For the purposes of the Limit of Indemnity all the Persons Entitled									
to Indemnity under Your Policy shall be treated as one party or legal entity so that there will be only two parties to the contract of insurance namely Us and You. Section 4 Legionellosis Liability									
THIS INSURANCE SECTION ONLY APPLIES WHERE SHOWNAS INCLUDED INTHE SCHEDULE									
This section is on a claims made basis with the costs and expenses of the claimant and the costs and expenses (incurred with Our written									
consent) of any Person Entitled to Indemnity included within the Limit of Indemnity shown in the Schedule. What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
Any Person Entitled to Indemnity is covered                                       1    Claims outside the Period of Insurance									
1   up to the Limit of Indemnity against legal liability for damages and/or									
costs to others as a result of accidental Injury to any person caused by Legionellosis in connection with the Business									
2    in respect of									
A) claimants costs and expenses which You are legally liable to pay in connection with any claim									
B) the costs of legal representation at any coroner’s inquest or inquiry in respect of any death									
C) i)  costs of legal representation at proceedings in any Court arising out of any alleged breach of statutory duty resulting in Injury including the defence of any criminal proceedings brought against You or Your director or partner or Employee for an offence of Corporate Manslaughter or Corporate Homicide or a breach of the Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974 or the Health and Safety at Work (Northern Ireland) Order 1978									
ii) costs and expenses of legal representation at any appeal against conviction if in the opinion of Counsel (appointed by mutual consent) such appeal could be contested with the probability of success									
D) all other legal costs and legal expenses in relation to any matter which may form the subject of a claim for indemnity under this Insurance  Section									
incurred with Our prior written consent. Any claim which is first made in writing to You (or any other Person									
Entitled to Indemnity) outside of the Period of Insurance. 2   Late Notification									
Any claim where first notification of any circumstance that									
A) has caused Injury or									
B) is alleged to have caused Injury or									
C) can be expected to give rise to a claim									
is made to Us after 30 days following the expiry of the Period of Insurance. 3  Pre-existing Legionellosis									
Any legal liability in respect of Legionellosis where the Legionellosis commenced prior to the start date of this Insurance. 

Paragraph 24
We will then relinquish control of such claims and have no further liability in respect of them. Parties to the contract of insurance									
The most We will pay in respect of all damages arising out of all claims									
during any Period of Insurance irrespective of the number such claims and irrespective of the number of Persons Entitled to Indemnity having claims under this Policy shall not exceed the Limit of Indemnity shown under Section 4 (Legionellosis Liability) in Your Schedule. For the purposes of the Limit of Indemnity all the Persons Entitled									
to Indemnity under Your Policy shall be treated as one party or legal entity so that there will be only two parties to the contract of insurance namely Us and You. THIS INSURANCE ONLYAPPLIES WHERE SHOWNAS INCLUDED IN THE SCHEDULE									
Legal Expenses Insurance Section 1 Employment									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
"1   The defence of any Legal Proceedings, brought in an employment"									
"tribunal, arising from a dispute with an Employee, ex-Employee or prospective Employee relating to"									
A) the contract of employment with You or									
B) actual or alleged breaches of their statutory rights under employment legislation									
2  The pursuit of any Legal Proceedings to recover possession of premises which are owned by You but occupied by Your Employee or ex-Employee									
provided that									
i)  You have sought and followed advice from Our Legal Advice service (details of which are contained in the Customer Care page) before materially changing or attempting to change the particulars of an Employee’s contract of employment or dismissing an Employee (whether or not by reason of redundancy)									
ii) You agree to appoint Our Administrator’s approved consultant									
as Your Appointed Representative in accordance with Requirement 4 A) i). 1   Any amount in excess of the Limit of Indemnity for Any One									
Claim shown in the Schedule. 2  Legal Expenses arising from or relating to									
A) any benefit due under a contract of employment									
B) any payment made in respect of redundancy									
C)  the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 1981 or the Equal Pay Act 1970									
D) any claim where You do not appoint the Appointed Representative in accordance with Requirement 4 A) i)									
E) any dispute that arises within three months of the inception of the Insurance									
F)  a dispute within the first six months of the Insurance where a warning was given to an Employee six months prior to the inception of the Insurance									
G)  any compensatory award made against You relating to									
i)  trade union activities including membership or non- membership									
"ii) pregnancy, maternity or paternity rights"									
H) any award made because of Your failure to provide written									
reasons for dismissal									
I)  any compensatory award specified in a reinstatement or re-									
engagement order or made because of Your failure to provide written reasons for a dismissal									
J)  any awards to the extent that they relate to contractual									
"rights accruing to the Employee, ex Employee or prospective Employee prior to the actual or alleged breach of the actual or alleged contract of employment"									
K) a matter which is more specifically covered by another									
Insurance section of this Policy or would have been had it not been for an exclusion or proviso applying to that Insurance. Section 2 Prosecution									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
The defence of any Legal Proceedings arising from									
"1 any actual or alleged act or omission by You relating to an appeal against the service of an improvement, prohibition or suspension notice under the"									
A) Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 or the Health and Safety (Northern Ireland) Order 1978									
B) Food Safety Act 1990									
C) Consumer Protection Act 1987									
2  civil action taken against You for									
A) wrongful arrest in respect of an accusation of theft									
B) any activities as a trustee of a pension fund set up for the benefit of Your Employees									
3  Your prosecution in a Court of criminal jurisdiction. The cover provided under this Section will apply to any other Insured Person in like manner to You at Your request. 1   Any amount in excess of the Limit of Indemnity for Any One									
Claim shown in the Schedule. 2  Legal Expenses									
"A) arising from or relating to any Legal Proceedings involving the ownership, possession, hiring or use of a motor vehicle, aircraft or water craft"									
B) arising from or relating to any Legal Proceedings relating to									
any alleged deliberate or intentional act unless charges are dismissed or You are acquitted									
C) incurred in a Magistrates’ Court that are in excess of what would be allowed if a full Representation Order had   been granted									
D) incurred in the Crown Court that are in excess of any contribution required under the terms of the Representation Order									
E) in respect of a claim where it is alleged that You have breached the terms and conditions of a Representation Order									
F) arising from or relating to a matter which is more specifically covered by another Insurance section of this Policy or would have been had it not been for an exclusion or proviso applying to that Insurance. Section 3 Property									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
The pursuit or defence of Legal Proceedings relating to Your rights as									
the owner or occupier of Property physically occupied by You									
provided that									
A) You have suffered or could suffer a financial loss if Legal									
Proceedings are not pursued or defended									
B) You agree to use alternative dispute resolution to attempt to settle any dispute if Our Administrator considers it to be appropriate									
C) the Property has been disclosed to Us in writing. 1  Any amount in excess of the Limit of Indemnity for Any One Claim									
shown in the Schedule. 2  Legal Expenses arising from or relating to									
A) any review of the Rent payable for leasehold Property									
B) the recovery of Rent payable									
"C)  freehold title, lease, tenancy or licence disputes"									
D) mining or other subsidence or heave									
E) a matter which is more specifically covered by another Insurance section of this Policy or would have been had it not been for an exclusion or proviso applying to that Insurance									
F)  a contract entered into by You									
G) any dispute									
"i)   arising from the compulsory purchase, confiscation,"									
"nationalisation, requisition or Damage to any freehold or leasehold Property"									
ii)  over restrictions or controls placed on any freehold or									
leasehold Property									
"iii)  arising from actual, planned, or proposed construction,"									
"closure, adaptation or repair of roads, buildings, housing or other works"									
"by or on behalf of any government, public or local authority,"									
except in so far as the claim relates to Damage arising from such activities. Section 4 Taxation									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
1  Entering a response to a full enquiry by HM Revenue & Customs									
into a self-assessment tax return following the issue of a notice under Section 9A or 12AC of the Taxes Management Act 1970 or Schedule 18 paragraph 24 of the Finance Act 1998.This includes responding at a tribunal hearing. 

Paragraph 25
2  Entering a response to an examination by HM Revenue & Customs following an Employer Compliance Review which arose from									
and related to an expression of dissatisfaction with Your PAYE or National Insurance Contribution affairs. 3 An appeal against a written VAT decision or assessment issued by HM Revenue & Customs.This includes the local review procedure and any VAT Tribunal. "1  Any amount in excess of £25,000 for Any One Claim." 2  Legal Expenses arising from or relating to									
A)  any tax avoidance scheme undertaken by You									
"B) an enquiry undertaken under Section 60 or 61 of the VAT Act 1994 or any investigation or enquiry by the Investigations Division of HM Revenue & Customs, the HM Revenue & Customs Internal Governance or Criminal Investigations"									
C)  any investigation or inspection by HM Revenue & Customs that commenced prior to the inception of this Insurance									
D)  any work in connection with the normal reconciliation of annual accounts and VAT returns where such reconciliation has not been undertaken prior to the dispute or investigation arising									
E) Your actual or alleged misstatement with intent to deceive									
"contained in any relevant business books, records or returns. If such intent to deceive is shown We shall be entitled to recover any claim settlement made in this respect"									
"F) any issue of law, practice, or procedure not directly connected"									
"with the particular investigation, dispute or Legal Proceedings which are otherwise covered under this Insurance"									
G) any enquiry arising from an enquiry into earlier year’s tax									
return(s) or a tax return already under enquiry									
H) enquiries into tax returns that were filed after the statutory									
filing date and where no reasonable excuse has been accepted by HM Revenue & Customs for late filing									
I)  any criminal prosecution									
J) a matter which is more specifically covered by another									
Insurance section of this Policy or would have been had it not been for an exclusion or proviso applying to that Insurance. Section 5 Data Protection									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
1 The defence of any Legal Proceedings brought against You for									
compensation under Section 13 of the Data Protection Act 1998 provided that You are already registered with the Data Protection Commissioner									
2   An appeal by You against									
A) the refusal of Your application for registration by the Data Protection Commissioner									
B) the refusal of an application for alteration of registered particulars by the Data Protection Commissioner									
C) an enforcement notice									
D) a de-registration notice									
E) a transfer prohibition notice									
provided that You agree to appoint Our Administrator’s approved									
consultant as Your Appointed Representative in accordance with Requirement 4 A) i). 1   Any amount in excess of the Limit of Indemnity for Any One									
Claim shown in the Schedule. 2  Legal Expenses arising from or relating to									
A) any criminal prosecution									
B) any legal action concerning the grant and/or execution of a warrant of entry									
C) any claim where You do not appoint Our Administrator’s approved consultant as the Appointed Representative in accordance with Requirement 4 A) i)									
D) a matter which is more specifically covered by another Insurance section of this Policy or would have been had it not been for an exclusion or proviso applying to that Insurance. Section 6 Bodily Injury									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
The pursuit of compensation following an Event which causes death of									
or bodily injury to any Insured Person if requested by You. This cover also extends to include members of the Insured Person’s									
family who suffer bodily injury following an Event that also causes bodily injury to the Insured Person. 1   Any amount in excess of the Limit of Indemnity for Any One									
Claim shown in the Schedule. 2  Legal Expenses arising from or relating to									
A) any illness or bodily injury which develops gradually or is not caused by a specific or sudden accident									
B) the defence of any claim for bodily injury									
C) a matter which is more specifically covered by another									
Insurance section of this Policy or would have been had it not been for an exclusion or proviso applying to that Insurance. Section 7 Contract									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
The pursuit or defence of Legal Proceedings arising from a dispute with									
"a customer or supplier in respect of a contract with that customer or supplier for the sale, purchase, hire or supply of goods or services"									
provided that									
"1  the amount in dispute exceeds £1,000"									
2  You entered into the contract or alleged contract during the Period of Insurance. "1   Any amount in excess of £5,000 for Any One Claim." 2  Legal Expenses arising from or relating to									
A) an undisputed debt owed to You									
B)  any licence or franchise agreements									
C) a dispute about either the amount an insurance company should pay to settle an insurance claim or the way a claim should be settled									
D) the letting or tenancy of Property									
E) any computer software or hardware that has been tailored by									
or on behalf of a supplier or You									
"F)  the construction, extension, alteration, demolition, repair,"									
renovation or refurbishment of any Property									
"G)  the ownership, possession, hiring or use of a motor vehicle,"									
aircraft or water craft. 

Paragraph 26
Section 8 Eviction Proceedings									
THIS SECTION ONLY APPLIES TO PREMISES SOLELY OCCUPIED AS RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
Legal Expenses to pursue eviction proceedings against a Tenant or									
Guarantor to recover possession of the Residential Property where the Tenant fails to perform their obligations set out in the Tenancy Agreement relating to the rightful occupation of the Premises. "1  Any amount in excess of £25,000 in respect of an Insured Incident." 2  Legal Expenses arising from or relating to an Insured Incident									
A) where You fail to provide evidence that You successfully completed a Tenant Reference on the Tenant (and Guarantor if required) prior to the start of the Tenancy Agreement or where the Tenancy Agreement started more than 31 days after the Tenant Reference									
B) arising from or connected to Your performance of Your									
obligations under the Tenancy Agreement or where there are insufficient prospects of success in the proceedings due to the terms of the Tenancy Agreement being unenforceable									
C)  arising from dilapidations unless the missing or damaged items									
were contained within a Dilapidations Inventory									
D) where the amount in dispute is less than £250 including VAT									
"E)  falling within the jurisdiction of the Rent Assessment Committee,"									
"the Lands Tribunal or the Leasehold Valuation Tribunal or their equivalent outside of England and Wales but within Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man"									
F) relating to the payment or non-payment of service charges									
"as defined within the Landlord and Tenant Act 1985 (as amended) or any equivalent Act outside of England and Wales but within Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man"									
G)  where the Premises are not solely occupied as Residential									
Property									
H) where the Tenant is not aged 18 years or over									
I)  where You have allowed the Tenant into possession of the									
"Premises before the Tenancy Agreement has been signed by all parties, a Tenant Reference has been obtained, all necessary statutory pre-grant notices to the Tenant have been issued, the first month’s Rent and the Deposit have been received in cash or cleared funds and the Dilapidations Inventory has been signed by the Tenant"									
J)  where the initial Tenancy Agreement is for a fixed term in									
excess of 12 months									
K) where You have failed to keep full and up to date rental records									
or have allowed the Tenancy Agreement to be transferred to any other individual or organisation unless all other terms of this insurance have been complied with									
L) if You or Your Agent gave any false or misleading information									
when You applied for the Tenant Reference									
M) where the Tenant received a Tenant Reference subject to a									
Guarantor and the Guarantor was not correctly assigned to the Tenancy Agreement									
"N) where You are in breach of any rules, regulations or Acts of"									
Parliament relating to the Deposit									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
O) in relation to dilapidations by the Tenant to the Premises or its									
contents where You have a policy of insurance that covers the dilapidations									
P) relating to any occupant of the Premises over the age of 18 other than the Tenant									
Q) where Legal Expenses have been incurred as a result of									
Your failure to follow the advice of Our Administrator’s Legal Services Centre or arising from Your failure to take any action recommended by Our Administrator or their Legal Services Centre to recover possession of the Premises as promptly									
as possible. 3  Legal Expenses in respect of									
A) any Insured Incident that occurs within the first 90 days of the Period of Insurance where the Tenancy Agreement									
commenced before the Period of Insurance unless You had continuous previous insurance									
"B) any act, omission or delay that prejudices Your or Our position in connection with the Legal Proceedings or prolongs the length of the claim"									
C) any claim arising from a dispute between You and Your Agent or mortgage lender									
D) any Insured Incident that began to occur or had occurred									
before You purchased this Insurance									
E)  any claim where You should reasonably have realised when purchasing or renewing this Insurance that a claim under this Insurance might occur									
F) any claim where You fail to give proper information to Our Administrator or to the Appointed Representative									
G) any claim relating to or arising from works undertaken or to be									
undertaken by or under the order of any government or public or local authority									
H) any claim relating to or arising from Planning law									
I)  any claim relating to or arising from the construction of or									
structural alteration to buildings									
J) any claim relating to or arising from defamation or malicious									
falsehood									
"K) any claim relating to or arising from divorce, matrimonial"									
"matters or proceedings including ancillary relief, parental responsibility and contact, or affiliation"									
L)  any claim relating to or arising from a venture for gain or									
business project of Yours other than in relation to Your activities as a Landlord									
M)  any dispute or disputes between persons insured under									
this Policy									
N)  any application for Judicial Review									
O) any claim relating to or arising from a novel point of law									
P) any claim which is not submitted to Us within 45 days of the									
Insured Incident occurring									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
Q) any avoidable correspondence or Legal Expenses which are									
"recoverable from a court, tribunal or other party"									
"R)  any damages, interest, fines or costs awarded in criminal courts"									
S) Legal Proceedings for which You have cover or would be									
entitled to be covered under any other insurance policy									
T) Legal Expenses that have not been agreed in advance or are									
above those for which Our Administrator has given their prior written approval									
U) Legal Expenses that are in excess of the Standard Legal Expenses									
"V) claims made by or against Us, Our Administrator, the Agent"									
or the Appointed Representative									
W) any claims relating to appeals where Our Administrator has									
not given their prior written consent									
X) any Legal Expenses incurred prior to the issue of Legal									
"Proceedings or, unless a conflict of interest arises, for the costs of any legal representative other than those of the Appointed Representative." Extensions to Cover									
THIS INSURANCE ALSO COVERS									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
1   Jury Service Allowance									
"The loss of income, salary or wages of any Insured Person in"									
respect of that person’s obligation to attend Court for jury service insofar as it is not recoverable from the relevant Court									
provided that such attendance commences during the Period of									
"Insurance and within Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man." Limit of Indemnity - £150 per person per day. 2  Witness Attendance Allowance									
The actual loss of earnings incurred when any Insured Person is									
absent from work attending Court as									
A) a witness for You at the request of the Appointed Representative									
or									
B) a defendant									
provided that a claim has been admitted under ‘What is covered’. Limit of Indemnity - £150 per person per day. "1  Any amount in excess of £10,000 in any one Period of Insurance." THIS INSURANCEALSO DOES NOT COVER IN RESPECT									
OF SECTIONS 1 – 7									
Legal Expenses in respect of									
1  any matter to which Our Administrator has not given their									
written consent									
2  the defence of any civil Legal Proceedings made or brought against									
You arising from any actual or alleged									
"A) death, bodily injury, disease or illness of any person"									
B) Damage to any Property including loss of use of such Property									
C) breach of any professional duty									
D) breach of any duty owed as a director or officer of any company. This does not apply where the breach or alleged breach relates to taxation disputes covered under Section 4 – Taxation									
3  any non-contentious matters									
4  any fees that are in excess of the Standard Legal Expenses where									
You have nominated Your own representative to act as the Appointed Representative									
"5 any Legal Proceedings brought or transferred outside Great Britain,"									
"Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man or Legal Expenses incurred outside such territories"									
6   any Legal Proceedings where a reasonable estimate of the likely									
irrecoverable element of any Legal Expenses to be paid would exceed a realistic financial valuation of Your claim									
What is covered                                                                          What is not covered									
7  any Legal Proceedings for which You are covered or entitled to be									
covered under any other insurance policy or any policy which You are required to hold by law									
"8  any actual or alleged act, omission or dispute occurring prior to, or"									
existing at inception or renewal of this Policy and which You knew (or ought reasonably to have known) was likely to give rise to Legal Proceedings									
9  any Legal Proceedings arising from									
A) Your intentional wrongdoing									
B)  an act or omission with reckless disregard as to its consequences									
"10  any dispute between You and any subsidiary, parent, associated or"									
"sister company or between shareholders, directors, partners or any other person who is or would be entitled to cover at Your request"									
"11 damages, fines or penalties of any nature incurred by You in Legal"									
Proceedings									
12 any VAT attaching to Legal Expenses incurred with Our									
Administrator’s consent which is recoverable by You									
13 the defence of any Legal Proceedings arising from or relating to									
"Your actual or alleged dishonesty, fraud or malicious conduct unless such proceedings are successfully defended"									
14  the pursuit or defence of any action alleging defamation or malicious									
falsehood									
"15  the pursuit or defence of any Legal Proceedings relating to patents,"									
"copyrights, design rights, moral rights, trade or service marks, registered designs, passing off, trade secrets or confidential information"									
16 the pursuit or defence of Legal Proceedings between You and a									
central or local government authority concerning the imposition of statutory charges except where an appeal is allowed at law									
17 an application for judicial review									
18  the defence of any Legal Proceedings arising from or relating to									
"seepage, pollution or contamination of any kind"									
19  any Legal Proceedings arising directly or indirectly from									
A) the transmission or impact of any Virus									
B) Failure of a System									
but this does not apply to any claim relating to compensation for									
bodily injury									
20  any Legal Proceedings directly or indirectly caused by or									
contributed to or arising from									
A)  ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from an									
irradiated nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel									
B)  the radioactive toxic explosive or other hazardous properties of									
any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof. Acts of Parliament and Regulations									
"All Acts of Parliament and regulations referred to in this Insurance  include any subsequent amendments or re-enactments of those Acts or regulations and any equivalent legislation which is enforceable within Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man." Legal Expenses Insurance -									
how We settle claims in respect of Sections 1- 7 of this Insurance									
We will pay the amount of Legal Expenses arising from any Legal Proceedings covered by Sections 1 – 7 of this Insurance that									
A) are notified to Us during the Period of Insurance and									
B) arise from the conduct of Your Business									
and									
"C) are made by or brought against You or any other Insured Person,"									
"within the jurisdiction of a Court within Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands." We may elect to pay You a reasonable sum not exceeding the realistic estimated value of any claim instead of paying the Legal Expenses. Such a decision will be entirely at Our Administrator’s discretion and will be in full and final settlement of Your claim. 

Paragraph 33
D) We shall only be liable for costs for work expressly authorised by Our Administrator in writing and undertaken while there are reasonable prospects of success. 4    Information									
You shall supply all information requested by the Appointed									
Representative and Our Administrator. 5    Court Hearings									
You must attend any court hearing in relation to an Insured									
Incident if requested to do so by Our Administrator or the Appointed Representative. Failure to attend will result in all cover under this Insurance being withdrawn with immediate effect and no further claim payments being made. 6    Withdrawal by You									
You are liable for any Legal Expenses if You withdraw from the									
Legal Proceedings without Our Administrator’s prior consent. Any costs already paid by Us will be reimbursed by You. 7    Recovery of Costs and Expenses									
Any monies recovered from the Tenant or Guarantor will be									
retained by Our Administrator to pay for any Legal Expenses or Rent that has been paid by Us under this Insurance. Our Administrator has the right under subrogation to pursue Legal									
Proceedings against the Tenant or any Guarantor to recover Legal Expenses on Our behalf. 8    Arbitration									
Any dispute between You and Us shall be referred to an arbitrator									
who will be either a solicitor or a barrister. If the parties cannot agree on their choice of arbitrator the Law Society may be asked to make a nomination.The arbitration will be binding and carried out under the Arbitration Act.The costs of the arbitration will be at the discretion of the arbitrator. 9    Reasonable Prospects									
On a continual basis You need to satisfy Our Administrator that You have a reasonable prospect of success in the action You are proposing to take or are taking. If you cannot satisfy Our Administrator We may decline support or any further support. In forming this view We may take into account									
A) the amount of money at stake									
B) the fact that a reasonable person without legal costs insurance would not wish to pursue the matter									
C) the prospects of winning the case									
D) the prospects of being able to enforce a judgment									
E) the fact that Your interests could be better achieved in another way. Claims Conditions									
The following conditions apply except where otherwise detailed under “Requirements which You must comply with” in respect of Legal Expenses Insurance. 1    Making a Claim									
Where an Event which could give rise to a claim under this Policy happens You will									
A) tell Us as soon as reasonably practicable and no later than									
i)   30 days of Your becoming aware of the Event or occurrence									
or									
"ii)  7 days in the case of Damage caused by riot, civil commotion, strikers, locked out workers, persons taking part in labour disturbances or malicious persons"									
"provide Us with all information and help We reasonably require in respect of the claim and where requested by Us and at Your expense, written details containing as much information as possible on the Event, Damage, accident or Injury including (to the extent possible) the amount of the claim"									
B) notify the police within 24 hours of Damage caused by malicious persons or thieves									
C) take all reasonable action to minimise or eliminate any interruption of or interference with the Business									
"D)  not admit or deny liability nor make any offer, compromise, promise or payment, enter into any agreement or give any undertaking in respect of the claim without Our written consent"									
"E)  pass to Us immediately, unanswered, all communications from third parties in relation to any Event which may result in a claim under this Policy"									
"F)  tell Us immediately of any impending prosecution, inquest or fatal inquiry or civil proceedings and send to Us immediately every relevant document You receive in relation to any such matter"									
G) provide Us with such books of account or other business books or documents or such proofs as may reasonably be required by Us for investigating or verifying the claim									
H) provide to Us (if required) a statutory declaration of the truth of the claims and any related matter. 

Paragraph 34
2    Our Control Of Claims									
We will be entitled									
"A) on the happening of any Damage to the property insured to enter, take and keep possession of the Building where Damage has happened, to take and keep possession of the property, to deal with the salvage in a reasonable manner without thereby incurring any liability, without diminishing Our right to rely on any conditions of this Policy.This Policy will be proof of leave and license for such purpose"									
B) at Our discretion to take over and conduct in Your name the defence or settlement of any claim and to take proceedings at Our own expense and for Our own benefit but in Your name to recover compensation or secure indemnity from any third party in respect of any Event insured by this Policy. You will give all information and assistance reasonably required									
C) to any property for the loss of which a claim is paid hereunder									
and You will execute all such assignments and assurances of such property as may be reasonably practicable but You will not be entitled to abandon any property to Us									
"D) at Our option to repair or replace the property or any part of the property for which We may be liable under this Policy, provided that We will not be bound to reinstate exactly or completely but only as circumstances permit and in reasonably sufficient manner. We shall not in any case be bound to expend in respect of any one of the items insured more than the sum insured." We will not enforce rights against									
"i)  a tenant in respect of Damage to the part of the Buildings occupied by that tenant or to common parts of the Buildings unless Damage arises out of a criminal, fraudulent or malicious act"									
ii) any Company being Parent of or Subsidiary to You or any Company which is a Subsidiary of a Parent Company of which You are Yourselves a Subsidiary in each case within the meaning of Section 736 and 744 of the Companies Act 1985 or Articles 2 and 4 of the Companies (Northern Ireland) Order 1986. 3    Conditions									
No claim under this Policy shall be payable unless the terms of Claims Condition 1 have been complied with. 4    Fraud									
"If a claim is fraudulent in any respect or if fraudulent means are used by You, any director, partner, principal or Employee of Yours or any person acting on Your or their behalf to obtain any benefit under this Policy or if any Damage is deliberately caused by You or with Your knowledge then all benefit under this Policy shall be forfeited." 5    Other Insurance									
"If You claim under this Policy for something which is also covered by another policy, We will only pay Our proportionate share of the claim. You should give Us full details of the other policy." This condition does not apply the Contingent Motor Liability cover under Liabilities Insurance - Section 2 Property Owners’ Liability. 6    Arbitration (Not applicable to Liabilities Insurance or Legal Expenses Insurance)									
"If there is any disagreement between You and Us as to the amount  to be paid under this Policy, liability being otherwise admitted, the disagreement shall be referred to an arbitrator in accordance with the Arbitration Act 1996 or any subsequent legislation replacing that Act." The party against whom the decision is made shall meet all costs of the arbitration in full. If the decision is not clearly made against either party the arbitrator shall have the power to apportion costs. If the decision is made in Our favour Your costs shall not be recoverable under this Policy.This procedure does not prejudice any right of recourse You have to any other complaints procedure to which We subscribe or to the courts. 7    Adjudication									
On receipt of a Notice of Adjudication relating to any circumstance which has given or may give rise to a claim under this Policy You shall provide immediate notice of this to Us. Policy Conditions									
1    Alteration of Risk									
This Policy shall be avoided by Us if and when									
A) the Business is wound up or carried on by a liquidator or receiver or permanently discontinued									
or									
B) You cease to have an interest that is insurable for example; the Premises have been sold to a third party. 

Paragraph 36
5    Consumer Credit Termination									
We reserve the right to terminate the Policy in the event that									
there is a default in instalment payments due under any linked loan agreement. You must return Your current Certificate of Employers’ Liability Insurance to Us if We cancel Your Policy. 6    Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999									
A person or company who was not a party to this Policy has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Policy but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from that Act. 7    Law Applicable									
"Under the laws of the United Kingdom (England, Scotland, Wales   and Northern Ireland) both You and We may choose the law which applies to this contract, to the extent permitted by those laws. Unless You and We agree otherwise in writing, We have agreed with You that the law which applies to this contract is the law which applies to the part of the United Kingdom in which You are based, or, if You are based in the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, the law of whichever of those two places in which You are based." "We and You have agreed that any legal proceedings between You and Us in connection with this contract will only take place in the courts of the part of the United Kingdom in which You are based, or, if You are based in either the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, the courts of whichever of those two places in which You are based." 8    Non-disclosure or Misrepresentation									
"This insurance Policy shall be voidable in the event of misrepresentation, misdescription or non-disclosure in any material particular." 9    Observance of Terms									
It is a condition of Our liability that You observe the terms of this									
"Policy relating to anything to be done or complied with by You except in so far as is necessary to comply with the requirements of any legislation enacted in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the"									
Channel Islands or the Isle of Man relating to compulsory insurance of legal liability to Employees. Failure to comply may result in a claim not being paid or payment reduced. 10  Our Liability									
"All the sums insured, Limits of Indemnity and any other restrictions"									
"on the amount of Our liability stated in this Policy, will apply as maximum limits to Our liability irrespective of the number of persons entitled to indemnity under this Policy." "For all purposes, including, but not limited to the application of"									
"sums insured, Limits of Indemnity and any other restrictions on the amount of Our liability stated in the Policy, the definition of You shall constitute one insured party, and there shall only be one contract of insurance between that insured party and Us." 11  Reasonable Precautions									
You must at Your own expense take all reasonable steps to prevent									
or minimise any Damage or any Injury to Employees or the public. "You must keep all of Your Buildings, furnishings, ways, works, machinery and plant and vehicles in good condition and in good repair." "If You discover any defect or danger, You must make it good as soon as reasonably practicable and in the meantime take such additional precautions as circumstances reasonably require." You must exercise care in the selection and supervision of Employees. 

Paragraph 37
12  Statutory Requirements									
You must comply with all statutory requirements and other safety regulations imposed by any government or local authority in relation to letting out Your Buildings. Failure to do so may invalidate Your Policy cover. 13  Financial or Trade Sanctions									
We shall not provide coverage or be liable to provide any  indemnity or payment or other benefit under this Policy if and to the extent that doing so would breach any prohibition or restriction imposed by law or regulation. If any such prohibition or restriction takes effect during the Period of Insurance We or You may cancel that part of this Policy which is prohibited or restricted with immediate effect by giving written notice to the other at their last known address. If the whole or any part of the Policy is cancelled We will give You a full refund of premium for any unexpired period of cover. We  will do this only if You have not made a claim during the Period of Insurance. Definitions -									
Words with special meanings									
Administrator									
A third party provider appointed by Us to administer claims in respect of Legal Expenses Insurance on Our behalf. Agent									
A company who acts as a managing agent for You in respect of the Premises. Any One Claim									
All Legal Proceedings (including any appeal against judgment) arising from or relating to the same Event. Appointed Representative									
"A solicitor, consultant or any other appropriately qualified person  nominated to act in a professional capacity for You in accordance with the terms and conditions of Legal Expenses Insurance." Asbestos									
"Asbestos, crocidolite, amosite, chrysotile, fibrous actinolite, fibrous anthophyllite or fibrous tremolite or any mixture containing any of those minerals." Asbestos Containing Materials									
Any material containing Asbestos or Asbestos Dust. Asbestos Dust									
Fibres or particles of Asbestos. Building(s)									
"Buildings (built mainly of brick, stone, concrete or other non-combustible materials unless stated differently in the Schedule or Statement of Fact) that are Your Property or Property for which You are responsible situated at the Premises, including"									
•  Your fixtures and fittings including fixed glass and fitted carpets									
"•  tenant’s improvements for which You are responsible in, on or around the Buildings"									
•  furnishings and other contents of common parts of the Buildings									
•   outbuildings including garages and greenhouses									
"•   closed circuit security TV systems, security equipment, external lighting, television or radio receiving aerials, aerial fittings, masts and satellite dishes"									
"•   gangways, pedestrian malls and pedestrian access bridges"									
"•   car parks, drives, roads, pavements, footpaths, patios and terraces and similar surfaces all constructed of solid materials"									
"•  walls, gates, fences and hedges"									
•  Services									
•   landscaping excluding external ponds and lakes									
"•  swimming pools, tennis courts and squash courts forming part of"									
Premises occupied for residential purposes. Business									
"That shown in the Schedule and conducted solely from premises in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man and shall include"									
"1  ownership, repair and maintenance of Property insured by this Policy"									
2  occupation of the Buildings by You but no more than 50% in respect of any one Building									
"3   provision and management of canteen, social, sports and welfare organisations and first aid, ambulance and medical services for the benefit of any Person Employed"									
4  fire and security services maintained solely for the protection of Your Buildings									
"5  private work undertaken by any Person Employed for any of Your directors, partners or Employees with Your prior consent"									
"6  attendance at or participation in exhibitions, trade fairs or shows by any Employee or director in connection with their employment"									
but in respect of Section 1 of Liabilities Insurance shall not include any work  undertaken  Offshore. 

Paragraph 39
Fees									
"Any architects’, surveyors’, and legal fees paid by You with Our written consent." Flat(s)									
A self-contained unit of the residential accommodation forming part of a block of flats or apartments or of any other Building which includes such residential units. Great Britain									
England and Wales and Scotland but not the territorial seas adjacent thereto (as defined by the Territorial Sea Act 1987)									
Ground Heave									
Upward or lateral movement of the site on which Your Buildings stand caused by swelling of the ground. Guarantor									
The individual or organisation assigned to the Tenancy Agreement that has received a Tenant Reference and provided a financial guarantee									
of the Tenant’s performance of their obligations under the Tenancy Agreement. Hacking (Terrorism Insurance)									
Unauthorised access to any computer or other equipment or component or system or item which processes stores or retrieves data whether Your property or not. Indemnity Period									
"The maximum period from the date of the Damage for which We will pay any loss of Rent, as shown in the Schedule." Injury									
In respect of Liabilities Insurance Sections 1 and 3 (Part A)									
"•  Bodily injury, death, disease or illness." In respect of Liabilities Insurance Sections 2 and 3 (Part B)									
"•  Bodily injury, mental injury, death, disease or illness. In respect of Liabilities Insurance Section 4"									
"•  Bodily injury, death, disease or illness of any person other than a Person Employed." Insured Incident									
"The incident or the first of a series of incidents which may lead to a claim under Section 8 of Legal Expenses Insurance. Only one Insured Incident shall be deemed to have arisen from all causes of action, incidents or events that are related by cause or time." Insured Person									
"You or Your directors, partners or Employees." Landlord’s Contents									
"Furniture, carpets (other than fitted carpets), furnishings and all other Property owned by You or for which You are responsible within the Buildings but excluding"									
•   landlord’s fixtures and fittings									
• contents in common parts of the Buildings									
•   moveable Property in the open or in outbuildings									
•  computer and photographic equipment									
"• jewellery, stamp, coin and other collections, articles of precious metal, clocks, watches, furs, works of art or paintings"									
"• clothing, personal belongings and pedal cycles"									
"•   money, certificates, cheques, securities or other documents of any kind"									
"•    motor vehicles (excluding pedestrian-controlled gardening equipment, wheelchairs and vehicles used in or about the Building), caravans, trailers, trains, aircraft, watercraft or parts or accessories for any of them"									
• stock and materials in trade									
•  any Property insured under another policy. Landslip									
Downward movement of sloping ground. Legal Expenses									
In respect of Sections 1 – 7 of Legal Expenses Insurance:									
1    Fees									
Any fees and disbursements reasonably and properly incurred by the Appointed Representative or by Our Administrator in connection with any Legal Proceedings. 

Paragraph 41
Offshore									
Embarkation on to a vessel or aircraft for conveyance to an offshore rig or platform until disembarkation from the conveyance on to land upon return from such offshore rig or platform. Period of Insurance									
The period beginning with the “From” date and ending with the “To” date shown in the Schedule and any other period for which We accept Your Premium. Person Employed									
1    Employee									
2   labour master and individuals supplied by him									
3   individual employed by labour only sub-contractors									
4   self-employed individual (not being in partnership with You)									
5  individual hired to or borrowed by You									
while under Your direct control and supervision									
The Definition of Private Individual includes two or more persons where									
insurance is arranged in their several names and/or Your title includes the name of a bank or building society or other financial institution for the purpose of noting their interest in the property insured. Property									
Material Property but shall not include Data. Rent (not applicable to Section 8 of Legal Expenses Insurance)									
Any money in the nature of Rent including service charges which You receive from a tenant. 6  individual undertaking study or work experience while under									
Your supervision									
7   voluntary worker									
Person Entitled to Indemnity									
1    You									
2   Your personal representatives in respect of legal liability incurred by You									
3   at Your request									
A)  any principal									
B) any of Your directors or partners									
C) any Person Employed									
against legal liability in respect of which You would have been entitled to indemnity under this Policy if the claim had been made against You									
"D)  the officers, committees and members of Your canteen, social, sports and welfare organisations and first aid, fire, ambulance, medical and security services in their respective capacities as such but this shall not include medical or dental practitioners in relation to medical services provided"									
E) any of Your directors or partners or Employees in respect of private work undertaken by any Person Employed for such directors partners or Employees with Your prior consent									
"provided that such people shall keep to the terms, conditions and limitations of this Policy so far as they can apply." Policy									
The policy wording (along with the Schedule and Statement of Fact) which forms part of the legal contract between You and Us. Premises									
The address as shown in the Schedule. Private Individual (Terrorism Insurance) Any person other than									
1   a Trustee or body of Trustees where insurance is arranged under the terms of a trust									
2  a person who owns Residential Property for the purpose of their business as a sole trader. Rent (applicable to Section 8 of Legal Expenses Insurance)									
The monthly amount payable by the Tenant to You as set out in the Tenancy Agreement. Resident(s)									
"Any person authorised under the terms of the lease, tenancy agreement or rental agreement who lives in the Residential Property and any member of their family residing with them." Residential Property/Properties (not applicable to Terrorism Insurance)									
"Any house, maisonette or Flat owned by You or for which You are responsible situated at the Premises." Residential Property (Terrorism Insurance only)									
Houses and blocks of flats and other dwellings (including household contents and personal effects of every description). Schedule									
The document providing details of the various Insurances which are included in Your Policy together with the levels of cover applying under each. Services									
"Telephone, gas, electricity and water mains, drains and sewers, electrical instruments, meters, piping, cabling and the like which provide services to or from the Buildings and for which You are responsible." 

Paragraph 45
We will not use such sensitive personal data about You or others except for the specific purpose for which You  provide it and to carry out the services described in Your Policy documents. Please ensure that You only provide Us with sensitive information about other people with their agreement. How to contact Us									
On payment of a small fee You are entitled to receive a copy of the information We hold about You. If You have any questions or You would like to find out									
more about this notice You can write to									
Data Protection Liaison Officer									
Customer Relations Office RSA									
Bowling Mill									
Dean Clough Industrial Estate Halifax HX3 5WA									
Employers’ Liability Tracing Office									
"Certain information relating to Your Policy including, without limitation, the Policy number(s), employers’ names and addresses (including subsidiaries"									
"and any relevant changes of name), coverage dates, employer’s reference numbers provided by Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs and Companies House Reference Numbers (if relevant) will be provided to the Employers’ Liability Tracing Office (the ELTO) and added to an electronic database (the  Database)." This information will be made available in a specified and readily accessible form as required by the ‘Employers’ Liability Insurance: Disclosure By									
Insurers Instrument 2010’.This information will be subject to regular periodic updating and certification and will be audited on an annual basis. The Database will assist individual consumer claimants who have suffered an employment related injury or disease arising out of their course of									
"employment in the UK for employers carrying on, or who carried on, business in the UK and who are covered by the employers’ liability insurance of their employers (the Claimants):"									
• to identify which insurer (or insurers) was (or were) providing employers’ liability cover during the relevant periods of employment; and									
•  to identify the relevant employers’ liability insurance policies. The Database will be managed by the ELTO. "The Database and the data stored on it may be accessed and used by the Claimants, their appointed representatives, insurers with potential liability"									
for UK commercial lines employers’ liability insurance cover and any other persons or entities permitted by law. By entering into this insurance Policy You will be deemed to specifically consent to the use of Your Policy data in this way and for these purposes. Royal & Sun Alliance Insurance plc (No. 93792). "Registered in England and Wales at St Mark’s Court, Chart Way, Horsham, West Sussex RH12 1XL." Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. UKC04677                                                                                                                                                                                                                      June 2013 



